PVIPR IMPORTANT INFORMATION DOCUMENT - Credit Cards Dear Customer, Thank you for applying for Standard Chartered Credit Card (“Card”). We would like to keep you informed of the key terms and conditions relating to your Card. We trust that you have received, read and understood the Customer Terms and the Credit Card terms, which apply to Cards and agree to abide by them. Note: Cards are a credit mechanism for short term credit needs/everyday spend categories. Should you have long term funding requirements, we do have a range of products for the same. Do call our Helpline (numbers set out at the end of this document) for further details. We would like to draw your attention to these key terms. 1. Payment of your Card bills: Payment of your Card bills can be done by the following means: • Online banking • Bill Desk: From different bank accounts directly to your Standard Chartered Credit Card account& no. or any Credit Card No. (your 16 digit Card No.) under the same Credit Card account& no. Visit https://www.billdesk.com/pgmerc/standardchartered/index1.htm • NEFT / IBFT: From your bank account directly to any of your Standard Chartered Credit Card No. (your 16 digit Card No.) under the same Credit Card account& no. by quoting the IFSC code SCBL0036001 and the address as MG Road, Mumbai. • Standard Chartered Online Banking: Standard Chartered account holders can pay through an account transfer. • NACH: NACH (National Automated Clearing House) facilitates standing instructions from your account to your Standard Chartered Credit Card account&. This can be initiated by submitting an NACH form authorizing transfer of funds. This form needs to be attested by the bank from where the payment needs to be made. You are responsible for ensuring that the debit instruction is honoured. • Standing Instructions: In case the Cardholder has a Standard Chartered Bank account, he can opt for a Standing Instruction facility, where funds can be automatically transferred from the Cardholder’s Standard Chartered Bank account to the Cardholder’s Standard Chartered Credit Card account& no. or any Credit Card No. (your 16 digit Card No.) under the same Credit Card account& no. on due date. Standing Instructions will be applicable to all credit cards and instalment facility (EMI or loan availed on your Credit Card) linked to the Credit Card account&. The Automatic debit will be processed on the registered account nominated by the Cardholder on the Payment Due Date and will be credited to the Credit Card account&. • Cheque/Draft Payment: Dropping a cheque or a draft in favour of your Standard Chartered Credit Card account& no. or any Credit Card No. (your 16 digit Card No.) under the same Credit Card account& no. into any of our Cheque Collection Boxes. Visit www.sc.com/in for the complete list of the locations of Cheque Collection Boxes. The cheque or draft needs to be complete in all respects. • Make your payments at least 3 working days in advance of your Payment Due Date to facilitate the timely credit of the funds into your Credit Card account&. Note that your credit limit will only be increased by the amount you have repaid after our receipt of your funds. • Separate cheque payment will need to be made for each Credit Card account&. It will facilitate repayment across primary and supplementary cards including instalment facilities linked to the Credit Card account&. • Cash: Cash payments can only be deposited at our branches using teller facilities. & Credit Card account will consist of covering all primary and supplementary cards and any installment facility (EMI or loan availed on your credit card) linked to this credit card account. You may have one or more Credit Card accounts depending on the variants of Standard Chartered Credit Cards held by you. Separate payment will need to be made for each Credit Card Account. It will facilitate repayment across primary and supplementary cards including instalment facilities linked to the Credit Card account. Illustration of Credit Card account& structure is given below: Manhattan Card No.: 4541XXXXXXXX1234 Credit Card Account No. 101XXXXXXXXX1234 Ultimate Card No.: 5444XXXXXXXX1234 Instalment Loan / Instalment Plan Summary: XX123X EaseMyTrip Card No.: 4940XXXXXXXX1234 Credit Card Account No. 101XXXXXXXXX5678 DigiSmart Card No.: 4622XXXXXXXX1234 2. Levy of Interest: Note: Monthly payments will be applied first towards meeting the previous outstanding amounts. Option How Interest will be levied Example 1. If FULL payment of Total Outstanding is No Interest will be charged # made every month before Payment Due Date. 2. If PARTIAL payment of Total Outstanding Interest will be charged for all transactions incurred 1 Aug: Statement with with previousthoutstanding of ` st is made every month before Payment Due in the current statement from the transaction date till 10,000 with payment due date of 18 Aug; 15th Aug: Date. the Statement Date. Transaction for ` 3,000; 18th Aug: Payment of ` 8,000 The closing balance in the previous statement will received; 1 Sep: Current statement generated with st attract interest, from one day post the Statement interest charges for a) ` 10,000 from 2 nd Aug to 17th Aug, b) Date till one day prior to the date of payment, in the st` 2,000 from 18 th Aug to 1 st Sep, c) ` 3,000 from 15th Aug to current statement. The balance after payment will 1 Sep. attract interest from the date of payment till the Statement Date. 3. If you usually make PARTIAL payment, The closing balance as per your previous statement Previous Statement Date: 1st Aug: Statement gener- but in the CURRENT month you have made will accrue interest until the date of payment ated with outstanding of ` 10,000 with payment due date FULL Payment of the Total Outstanding as 18th Aug; 15th Aug: Payment received for ` 10,000. ` before the Payment Due Date 10,000 will attract interest from 2nd Aug to 14th Aug (13 days in August) # Does not include Cash transactions ^ Interest debited in this case will be = 10,000 x 3.75% x 13/31 = ` 157.26 3. Annualized Percentage Rate (w.e.f. 1 May 2021): The monthly interest rate is annualized to arrive at the annualized percentage rate (APR). Monthly interest rate of 3.75% pm is annualized to arrive at an APR of 45% for all Standard Chartered Credit Cards. However, for all instant credit card variants, the monthly interest rate is 1.99% pm (APR of 23.88%). Cash transactions will attract an interest rate of 3.75% pm (APR of 45%). 4. Minimum Amount Due (“MAD”): The minimum amount due every month shall be higher of the following (a) 5% of statement outstanding or (b) sum total of all installments billed, interest, fees, other charges, amount that is over limit and 1% of the principal or (c) ` 250. Incase you have an unpaid minimum amount due from the previous month, the same will be added to the minimum amount due for the current month (as calculated above). In case of default or if the statement balance is less than ` 250 the entire outstanding amount may have to be paid. If you spend ` 10,000 and pay back exactly the MAD every month, it will take approximately 6.5 years to pay back the complete amount. We therefore suggest that whenever your cash flow allows you, do pay back substantially more than your minimum payment due. 5. Interest-free (Grace) Period: The Payment Due Date on your Card can be between 18 and 25 days after the Statement Date (Please check your statement for your exact Payment Due Date). Therefore, the interest-free credit period can range from 18-48 days to 25-55 days depending on your Payment Due Date. The interest-free period does not apply for cash advances and revolving balances. For these, interest is charged from the date of the transaction. We reserve the right to change this interest-free period by giving you notice. Example: Assume that your Statement Date is 2 Nov (covering transactions billed between 3 Oct and 2 Nov) and your Payment Due Date is 24 Nov. You have paid the total amount due by 24 Nov (making you eligible for interest-free period). In this case, the Payment Due Date is 22 days after the Statement Date and the interest-free period will range from 22-52 days. • For a transaction billed on 3 Oct, the interest-free period is 52 days (from 3 Oct to 24 Nov) • For a transac- tion billed on 2 Nov, the interest-free period is 22 days (from 2 Nov to 24 Nov) 6. Raising transaction dispute for Electronic Banking Transactions**: You have to promptly report any unauthorized transaction including electronic banking transaction** on the credit card to the Bank either through Phone Banking, Email Channel, Online Banking or Branch, ensuring that there is no delay in report- ing. Your liability for the unauthorised transaction due to third party breach will be determined in accordance with the Bank’s Policy on Limited Liability of Customers in Unauthorized Electronic Banking Transactions (“Policy”), which is available on the Bank’s website at <https://av.sc.com/in/content/docs/in-limit- ed-liability-noteonwebsite.pdf>. Your ‘liability’ is linked to the timeframe within which you report any unauthorized transaction on the credit card to the Bank, and more details on that are available in the Policy. If the investigation done by the Bank is incomplete or inconclusive within 10 working days from the date of notification by you of the unauthorized transaction, the Bank will provide a provisional credit or a shadow credit of the disputed amount to you (in accordance with the Policy). The provisional credit or shadow credit shall be value dated (subject to the unauthorized transaction being reported to the Bank within 7 working days) to be as date of the transaction as undertaken on your credit card, so that there is no interest for this transaction. If the investigation outcome reveals that there has been negligence/ compromise of the secured credentials by you, then the provisional credit or the shadow credit will be reversed by the Bank and interest/charges will be applicable as per terms. **Electronic banking transactions can be divided into two categories. • Remote/ online payment transactions (transactions that do not require physical payment instruments to be presented at the point of transactions e.g. Internet banking, mobile banking, card not present (CNP) transactions), Pre-paid Payment Instruments (PPI), and • Face-to-face/ proximity payment transactions (transactions which require the physical payment instrument such as a card or mobile phone to be present at the point of transaction e.g. ATM, POS, etc”. You may report an unauthorised transaction including an electronic banking transaction through our toll free no. 18002586465 or by logging into Online Banking or SC mobile and also by logging a dispute through E-mail id card.services@sc.com which is also available on our website https://www.sc.com/in/help/complaints/ 7. Supplementary / Add On Cards: If you have supplementary Cards linked to your Card, they shall be issued with the clear understanding that you will be liable for the supplementary Cards as a principal cardholder. You are also responsible for ensuring that the supplementary cardholder(s) is/are aware of the obliga- tions in our Customer Terms and Credit Card Terms. 8. Reporting a lost or stolen card immediately: If your Card is lost or stolen within India or while travelling overseas, you can use either of Phone Banking, Online Banking or Mobile Banking channels to block your card. 9. Your liability for Lost Card: You can use either of Phone Banking, Online Banking or Mobile Banking channels to block your card. If a Card is reported lost, stolen or damaged and is subsequently found, you shall be responsible for invalidating the Card by destroying it. 10. Statements: Statements will be issued once every month for Credit Card Account(s) with outstanding balance. • If you have a credit balance on your Credit Card Account, statement will be issued to you every month. • Unless you have opted to receive hard copy statements in your credit card application form, you will receive these statements through E-mail and will not receive the hardcopy statement. You can check you statements for the previous 12 months on sc.com/in. Physical statements will be provided on request through phone banking. 11. When you are deemed to have received statements we sent: You will be deemed to have received all documents we send to you (including the card statement and any messages printed on the statement): a)on the day we hand over any document to a personal courier agency; b)on the expiration of the fourth day of posting the document by ordinary post and addressed to your mailing address registered with us; c) on trigger of the E-Statement to your registered E-Mail address with us 12. Termination of Card: You may at any time surrender or close your Card by informing us either by calling our helpline numbers (available on our website at sc.com/in/help/complaints/) or by writing to us for initiating the closure at customer.care@sc.com. If a credit card has not been activated or used within 30 (thirty) days of card open date, the Bank shall intimate the cardholder about non-usage or non-activation of the card and request the cardholder to activate or start using the card within 7 (seven) days from the date such intimation. If the cardholder does not start using the card within a period of 7 (seven) days, the card account shall be closed by the Bank. If a Card has not been used for a period of more than one year, the Bank will initiate the process to close the Card. Due intimation shall be provided to you and if no reply is received from you or you don't use your card within a period of 30 days, the card shall be closed. 13. Credit Limit: Assignment of credit limit will be at the sole discretion of the bank. We will set a credit limit to your Card and have a right to reduce your total credit limit based on certain considerations (for instance, when you use your Card to withdraw cash on a frequent basis, when you purchase jewellery within 90 days of your Card set-up, if you pay irregularly, and if you frequently use of all of your available credit limit). We will inform you when we reduce your credit limit. Your available credit limit is calculated by deducting the amount you have used from your total credit limit. If you have taken a loan on your Card, your outstanding loan amount also be deducted from your total credit limit. We may, as per your request, authorize transactions in certain circumstances above your total credit limit (as communicated to you from time to time). An Over Limit Charge as enumerated in the Tariff of Charges section of the Most Important Terms and Conditions shall be levied for such transactions which exceed your credit limit. 14. Cash Advance Limit: Cash advance limit will be a sub-set of credit limit and assignment of cash advance limit will be at the sole discretion of bank. The bank reserves the right to increase, decrease and/or unconditionally cancel the cash limit assigned to the card. In such an instance the bank will inform immediately by SMS/ e-mail. 15. Information Sharing: We provide details of credit facilities availed from us to Credit Information Companies (CIC) every month and these details are also sought by us from CIC to verify information viz various credit facilities availed by you from other financial institutions, repayment pattern, total outstanding, etc., which helps us to determine sanctioning of a new credit facility. The information reported by us includes over due amount irrespective of same being disputed or agreed to be settled at your end. On regularization of your account, the status of the same will be accordingly updated to CIC in the next monthly report. As per the Credit Information Companies (Regulation) Act 2005, we are authorized, without reference to you, to comply with any request and demand for any information from any authority under the law. 16. Instance when you will be considered to be in default: • If you do not pay us the Minimum Amount Due for 150 days, you will be classified as a defaulter. Note that the payment data is shared with Credit Information Companies on a monthly basis. This means that if you miss paying us the Minimum Amount Due even for a month, your default will be captured by Credit Information Companies. This could have adverse impact on your credit worthiness when you are applying for credit from other banks. • If you pay all your outstanding and ask us, we will remove you from our list of defaulters within one month. However, we cannot withdraw your credit history from Credit Information Companies database. • After you are classified as a defaulter, we may send you continuous reminder through letters, tele-calling, SMS, emails and any other communication medium and arrange personal meetings to collect the monies you owe us. 17. Death and Insolvency of a Cardholder: The entire outstanding dues in the Card account shall become payable in full by your successors or assignees in the event of death, insolvency or the winding of your business. 18. Cross default: If you: • fail to pay any outstanding amounts when due; or • commit any other default under any agreement with us under which you are enjoying any financial/credit/or/other facility, we shall without prejudice to any of our specific rights under each agreement be absolutely entitled to exercise all or any of its right as set out in the Customer Terms and Credit Card Terms including cancelling your Card limit and declaring the amounts outstanding under your Card as immediately due and payable to us. 19. Cash-back / Reversals: The cash back amount and/or merchant credit amount is reflected as a credit in your card statement. Once the credit card statement is generated, cash back amount and/or the merchant credit amount will be adjusted against the card outstanding. The cash back amount and/or the merchant credit amount will reflect in the subsequent credit card statement. This will be applicable for any interest or fee reversals as well. 20. Grievance Escalation: Please refer to point number 7 of the BCSBI code available on our web site. If you are not satisfied with the response that you have received, you can write to Principal.NodalOfficer@sc.com or contact at: 080-42896718 / 080-28089025 / 080 66696718 from Monday to Friday between 9:30am to 6:30pm (except weekends and Bank Holidays). You may also contact Ms. Priya Raghunathan, Head Service Quality, India and South Asia at the email address: Head.Service@sc.com or at Standard Chartered Bank, Head Customer Care Unit, 19, Rajaji Salai, Chennai - 600 001. If you are still not satisfied with the response or if you have not received a response from the bank within 30 days, you may approach Chief General Manager, Customer Service Department, RBI or you may approach Banking Ombudsman or you may file your complaint before the Banking Ombudsman. For more details on Banking Ombudsman Scheme request you to visit: www.bankingombudsman.rbi.org.in. To get a copy of the BCSBI code, call us at Phone Banking or download it from http://www.sc.com/in. The bank's grievance redressal policy and compensation policy are available on our website https://ww- w.sc.com/in/important-information/grievance-redressal/ & sc.com/in/important-information/compensation-policy/ 21. We can withdraw your Card at anytime: Notwithstanding anything contained herein, the facility is solely available at our sole discretion and therefore, are subject to cancellation and/or payable earlier on demand at any time by us, in which case you shall repay the same forthwith to us. We may at our discretion, and without limitation, also consider various aspects like co-brand partner related requirements, your cross-products holding etc. before considering your credit card for cancellation or suspension. 22. Where you can find the terms and conditions that apply to your Card: Please visit www.sc.com/in to read the Most Important Terms and Conditions, Credit Card Terms and Client Terms. Postal Address: Manager, Standard Chartered Credit Cards, Crescenzo, C-38/39, G Block, Behind MCA Club, Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), Mumbai 400 051. 23. As per extant regulatory guidelines, Resident Indians are not permitted to make remittances in the nature of margins or margin calls to overseas exchang- es/overseas counterparty. If any “Overseas Forex Trading” transaction will be observed on your Card account, we would be constrained to close all your accounts and report the same to the regulator. Hence, you are requested to refrain from doing such transactions on your Credit/Debit Card/accounts. 24. Tariff of Charges: Late Payment Charges ` 0 for statement outstanding balance less than or equal to ` 100. ` 100 for statement outstanding balance between ` 101 (w.e.f. 1 May 2024) and ` 500. ` 500 for statement outstanding balance between ` 501 and ` 5,000. ` 700 for statement outstanding balance between ` 5,001 and ` 10,000. INR 1200 for statement outstanding balance greater than INR 10,000. Additionally, late fee of ₹100 will get debited if the Minimum Amount Due is not received for 2 or more consecutive months. Example: In case there is an outstanding of INR 12,000 on your Credit Card Account and payment is not made by the Payment Due Date, there will be a Late Payment Charge of INR 1200 in your Credit Card Account. The example above is for illustrative purposes only. Late Payment Charges will be levied on outstanding balance of credit card account statement, if payment is not made by Payment Due Date. Cheque Bounce Charges ` 500 will get debited towards cheque bounce charges Over Limit Charges ` 500 per instance or 2.5% of the Overlimit amount. (Minimum ` 500) Card Replacement Fee NIL Rewards Handling Charges ` 99 will be charged towards handling and courier charges for redemption of reward points. Cash Advance Fee ATM withdrawals: 3% of cash withdrawal amount subject to a minimum of ` 300 Overseas Transactions All overseas transactions are levied with a 3.5% transaction fee^^. This includes charges paid out to Visa/ Master for converting overseas transactions into INR. Please Note: Transactions at merchant establishments that are registered overseas, even if the merchant is located in India attract a charge of 1% from Visa/ MasterCard which is included as a part of the transaction amount in your statement. Standard Chartered is committed to comply with economic sanctions that are imposed by relevant regulatory authorities. As such, we do not allow our products and services to be used directly or indirectly in countries that are subject to such sanctions, and will not process transactions which involve these countries. Please note that you will not be able to contact us via phone banking, facsimile transmission, or emails, or access our website and online banking, and we will not be able to provide you with financial services if you are in these countries. We will also not process payment or trade transac- tions that involve these countries. Please refer to our website at https://www.sc.com for a current list of countries that are subject to economic sanctions Surcharges ` 25 or 2.5% of transaction (whichever is higher) on Railway transactions. ` 10 or 1% of transaction (whichever is higher) on Petrol transactions. The rate of surcharge may vary depending on acquiring bank. Rental payments 1% processing fee on transaction amount + applicable taxes (w.e.f. 2 April 2023) Goods and Services Tax Goods and Services Tax (GST) will be levied at the applicable rates in force on all taxable supplies Cheque/ Cash Pick up Fee For overdue card accounts, charge of ` 100 will be levied for payments collected by authorized representatives. The same will reflect in the next month's statement. Cash Repayment Fee ` 299 /- for making payment of credit card bills by depositing cash at any Standard Chartered Bank branch. These charges will be reflected in the next months statement. Paper Statement Fee of ` 99/- per month for paper statement in case the customer opts for both, a paper statement and an electronic statement. ^^Except overseas transactions on Ultimate Card which are levied with 2% transaction fee Applicable Charges Charges BRANCH SERVICE HANDLING CHARGES Service Requests at the branch INR 199/-** PHONE BANKING SERVICE HANDLING CHARGES Self Service IVR calls FREE GST will be levied at the applicable rates over and above the mentioned charges. Charges applicable on Personal Segment clients except Visa Infinite, Emirates World & Ultimate Please refer to the Schedule of Service Charges (SOSC) for more details. Services at branch & phone banking (Non IVR) to be charged Services at branch & phone banking (Non IVR) to be charged - Savings Account Outstanding balance / Transaction details Available balance / Transaction details / Statement details Product features enquiries Credit Card status enquiry PIN no enquiry / reset PIN No. enquiry / reset Statement query / details Request - status (except deliverable status) Fund transfer / bill payment / Online payment relatedOnline banking registration / re-registration Request - status (except deliverable status) Branch / ATM address / IFSC code Reward points enquiries / redemption Reward points enquiries / redemption Available credit / Cash limit Fund transfer / bill payment / Online payment related Branch / ATM address / IFSC Cheque clearance related / Fund transfer Product Qualifying Criteria Fee Joining / Renewal Offer First Year Fee - INR 0 PVIPR GMI: 3,00,000 No joining/ renewal offer is applicable Renewal Fee (2nd Year Onwards) - INR 0 * Supplementary cards do not attract any first year and renewal fee. Joining offers are not applicable to Supplementary Cards Terms and Conditions • The issue of Credit Card and assignment of Credit limit under this application is subject to application satisfying the Bank’s credit cards norms and other guidelines • Do not make any payment along with your application form • Subject to documents being complete and accurate, it should take approximately 9 days to get your credit card approved • Other Terms and Conditions apply • The Cashback catego- ries and amounts, Rewards structure and offers may be revised by the Bank at its sole discretion • For details please visit the website at www.sc.com/in. • Joining fee (if applicable) will be levied in the first credit card statement. • Confirm that you have read and understood our Customer Terms and Credit Card Terms, forming our banking agreement, which are available at any of our branches or on our website at https://www.sc.com/in/credit-cards/ and you agree to be bound by them. You further confirm that you have read and understood Standard Chartered Bank Privacy Notices available on our website at https://www.sc.com/in/priva- cy-notice/ and agreed to be bound by them. You acknowledge that you are bound by any variation we make to these documents, in accor- dance with our banking agreement. In particular, you understand that by entering into our banking agreement, you give indemnities, authoriza- tions, consents, and waivers, as well as agree to limitations on our liability *; • Agree and accept all claims and disputes arising out of or in connection with the credit card shall be settled by arbitration in accordance with the provisions of the Arbitration and Reconciliation Act 1996 and any subsequent statutory amendments if any to the said Act, except where such claim or dispute falls within the jurisdiction of the Debt Recovery Tribunal established under the Recovery of Debts due to Banks and Financial Institution Act, 1993. Any arbitration award or direction passed shall be final and binding on the parties. The language of the arbitra- tion shall be English and the venue if such arbitration shall be at Mumbai * *In case of any inconsistency between these clauses and their counter parts in the application form, the former shall prevail Please sign this Important Information note, and ensure that our Sales Representative has given you a copy for your records. You may contact us on our Helpline numbers listed below for any further clarifications. Yours sincerely, Signature of Sales Representative: Signature of Primary Applicant: Name: Name: ID No.: Date: Date: Phone banking services are available on all days between 8.00 a.m. to 8.00 p.m. For emergency services like report of lost card, unauthorised transaction, charge dispute, stop payment etc are available 24x7. Login to sc.com/in for self-help options. HELPLINE NUMBERS: • Ahmedabad, Bengaluru, Chennai, Hyderabad, Kolkata, Mumbai, Delhi, Pune: 6601 4444 / 3940 4444; PVIPR_RTOB_Ver_260924 • Allahabad, Amritsar, Bhubaneshwar, Indore, Jalandhar, Kanpur, Lucknow, Ludhiana, Patna, Vadodara: 6601 444; • Bhopal, Chandigarh, Coimbatore, Ernakulam, Jaipur, Nagpur, Rajkot, Surat: 3940 444 / 6601 444; • Gurgaon, Noida, Mathura, Dehradun, Saharanpur: 011-6601 4444 / 011-3940 4444; • Jalgaon: 022-6601 4444 / 022-3940 4444; • Guwahati, Howrah, Siliguri: 033-6601 4444 / 033-3940 4444; • Mysore: 080 - 66014444 / 080 – 39404444; • Thiruvananthpuram, Vishakhapatnam: 044 - 66014444 / 044 – 39404444; • Proddatur: 040-6601 4444/ 040-3940 4444 The helpline numbers mentioned above is pre-fixed by the STD code of your city. For eg. If the city is Delhi, and you are in Bangalore, you can call any of the helpline numbers from the given list by dialling Delhi STD code i.e. 011 before the number and the call will get connected to phone banking desk