MOST IMPORTANT TERMS AND CONDITIONS (MITC) Dear Cardholder, We welcome you to the BOBCARD LIMITED family and thank you for giving us an opportunity to serve you. The MITC are to be read and understood in conjunction with the Cardholder Agreement as communicated on www.bobcard.co.in Details of product features applicable on your credit card along with important terms and conditions are provided on respective product page available on our website TABLE OF CONTENTS Section Section name Page No No 1 Fees and Charges 3 (a) First year fees & Annual fees 3 (b) Cash withdrawal/Advance fees 5 (c) Interest Free Grace Period 10 (d) Finance charges 10 (e) Computation of finance charges 11 (f) Computation of finance charges 12 2 Credit and Cash withdrawal limits 16 3 Billing 17 (a) Billing Statement 17 (b) Minimum Amount Due 17 (c) Method of Payment 19 (d) Billing Disputes 20 4 Default and circumstances 21 5 Recovery in case of Default and arbitration clause 22 6 Insurance 23 7 Termination/Revocation of card 24 8 Loss/Theft/Misuse of card 26 9 Purpose and Use 27 10 Grievance Redressal Mechanism 29 11 Disclosure 30 12 Reward Points T&C 31 (a) For all cards (except Uni GoldX, Scapia & Etihad 31 Guest & Guest Premium) a (1.1) Core Reward Points 31 a (1.2) Accelerated Reward Points 32 a (1.3) Milestone Reward Points 34 a (1.4) Welcome benefit Reward Points 35 a (1.5) Reward point validity and expiry 35 -2- a (2) BOBCARD Cashback Credit Card – Feature Terms 36 and Conditions a (3) BOBCARD SmartDeal 37 a (4) TWID: Pay with Rewards 39 a (5) BOBCARD Lounge Program 39 a (5.1) Eligibility criteria 39 a (5.2) Terms and Conditions 40 b Uni GoldX Rewards Program 41 c Scapia Rewards Program 44 d Etihad Guest and Etihad Guest Premium 49 MOST IMPORTANT TERMS AND CONDITIONS (MITC) 1. FEES AND CHARGES (Subject to change from time to time at the sole discretion of BOBCARD LIMITED) a. First year Fees & Annual Fees: There are first year fees and annual fees applicable on the various credit cards issued by BOBCARD LIMITED for primary as well as add- on cards, subject to revision from time to time. First year fee is a one-time charge and Annual fee is charged every year for renewal. These fees/charges vary for different cards. The applicable fee is communicated to the Cardholder at the time of applying for the credit card. Further, fee as applicable is directly charged to the Cardholder’s credit card account and is indicated in the bill. (Details under “TARIFF OF CHARGES” section). Any reductions or waivers in the fees may be offered at the sole discretion of BOBCARD LIMITED. i. Joining Fee / First Year Fee Products where Joining Fee is levied in the third statement cycle if spends criteria is not fulfilled Product Joining Fee* Spends criteria for fee waiver Easy ₹ 500 ₹ 6,000 in first 60 days Select ₹ 750 ₹ 7,500 in first 60 days Premier ₹ 1,000 ₹ 10,000 in first 60 days -3- Eterna & FD Backed ₹ 2,499 ₹ 25,000 in first 60 days Eterna Tiara ₹ 2,499 ₹ 25,000 in first 60 days Products where Joining Fee is levied in the first statement cycle & reversed once the spends criteria is fulfilled Product Joining Fee* Spends criteria for fee reversal Varunah Premium ₹ 2,499 ₹ 25,000 in first 180 days Varunah Plus ₹ 1,499 ₹ 15,000 in first 180 days Swavlamban ₹ 250 ₹ 2,500 in first 60 days Products where Joining Fee is not applicable Product Joining fee* Fee Waiver Criteria FD Backed - Easy, Not applicable Not applicable Select Premier Empower Business Not applicable Not applicable Corporate Not applicable Not applicable PRAGATI Not applicable Not applicable Renaissance Not applicable Not applicable ICSI Dimond Not applicable Not applicable ICAI Exclusive Not applicable Not applicable Yoddha Not applicable Not applicable The Sentinel Not applicable Not applicable Rakshamah Not applicable Not applicable Vikram Not applicable Not applicable Varunah Not applicable Not applicable Micro Enterprise Not applicable Not applicable Uni GoldX Not applicable Not applicable Scapia Not applicable Not applicable UJJIVAN-SFB Platinum Not applicable Not applicable UJJIVAN-SFB Elite Not applicable Not applicable Products where Joining Fee is applicable but spend based waiver/reversal is not applicable Product Joining fee* Fee waiver criteria CMA One ₹1 Not applicable IRCTC ₹ 500 Not applicable HPCL Energie ₹ 499 Not applicable Snapdeal ₹ 249 Not applicable Etihad Guest ₹ 2,500 Not applicable Etihad Guest Premium ₹ 5,000 Not applicable Cashback ₹ 49 per month or Not applicable ₹ 499 -4- ii. Annual Fees Products where Annual Fee is levied if spends criteria is not fulfilled in preceding anniversary year Product Annual Fee* Spends Criteria Easy ₹ 500 ₹ 35,000 Select ₹ 750 ₹ 70,000 Premier ₹ 1,000 ₹ 1,20,000 Eterna, Eterna (FD ₹ 2,499 ₹ 2,50,000 Backed) Tiara ₹ 2,499 ₹ 2,50,000 Swavlamban ₹ 250 ₹ 12,000 Empower Business ₹ 500 ₹ 50,000 Corporate ₹ 1000 ₹ 1,00,000 PRAGATI ₹ 250 ₹ 25,000 Renaissance ₹ 250 ₹ 25,000 HPCL Energie ₹ 499 ₹ 50,000 Varunah Premium ₹ 2,499 ₹ 1,50,000 Varunah Plus ₹ 1,499 ₹ 1,50,000 Micro Enterprise ₹ 500 ₹ 50,000 Etihad Guest ₹ 2,500 ₹ 3,00,000 Etihad Guest Premium ₹ 5,000 ₹ 5,00,000 Products where annual fee is not applicable Easy/Select/Premier Not applicable Not applicable (FD Backed) CMA One Not applicable Not applicable ICSI Dimond Not applicable Not applicable ICAI Exclusive Not applicable Not applicable Yoddha Not applicable Not applicable The Sentinel Not applicable Not applicable Rakshamah Not applicable Not applicable Vikram Not applicable Not applicable Varunah Not applicable Not applicable Uni GoldX Not applicable Not applicable Scapia Not applicable Not applicable UJJIVAN-SFB Platinum Not applicable Not applicable UJJIVAN-SFB Elite Not applicable Not applicable Products with Annual fee where spend based annual fee waiver is not applicable Snapdeal ₹ 249 Not applicable IRCTC ₹ 350 Not applicable Cashback ₹ 49 per month Not applicable or ₹ 499 -5- *Applicable taxes will levied on the Joining/Annual Fees iii. Add on card charges • Joining & Annual fee for Add on card are Nil for all products as mentioned in the above table. • Card Anniversary year is considered from the Card issuance date. • Add-on Cards are not applicable for Corporate, Uni GoldX and Scapia Credit Card b. Cash Withdrawal/Advance Fees: The Cardholder can use the credit card to withdraw cash from ATMs/cash dispensing locations in India or overseas in accordance with the compatibility of the credit card at the said ATM(s)/cash dispensing locations. A transaction fee shall be levied on all such withdrawals and would be billed to the cardholder in the next/forthcoming statement. (Details under “TARIFF OF CHARGES” section). Further, cash withdrawal transactions shall also carry finance charge from the date of transaction till the date of full payment. iv. TARIFF OF CHARGES Subject to change at the sole discretion of BOBCARD Limited from time to time. For latest rates/ charges applicable, please refer to www.bobcard.co.in Interest Free Period Interest-Free Credit Period is the time period from the date of transaction to the due date of payment, wherein interest free payment can be made, subject to the payment of entire outstanding on or before the payment due date by the cardholder. Uni GoldX & Scapia Credit Card: Up to 50 days (inclusive of 3 days grace period) All other credit cards as shown in above table: 20 to 50 Days in case there is no previous outstanding. Total Amount Due Total Amount Due is the total amount (net of (Total Outstanding / credit received during the billing cycle, if any) outstanding payable by the cardholder as per the credit balance) card statement generated at the end of a billing cycle 100% of (all Fees/Charges + Finance Charges + GST + EMI amount) + 2% of (Retail Spends + Cash Advance) (Please refer Illustration I) or ₹200 whichever Minimum amount due is higher. For cases where Total Amount Due exceeds Credit Limit, account overlimit amount (Total Amount due – Credit Limit) is greater than the Computed MAD, then MAD = Overlimit Amount Cash Withdrawal Uni GoldX Credit Card: 2.50% of the Charges withdrawn amount or ₹300 whichever is higher. All other credit cards: 2.50% of the withdrawn amount or ₹500 whichever is higher -6- UNI GoldX & Etihad Guest LLC: 30% of Cash Withdrawal Limit: available limit Scapia: 10% of available limit All other credit cards: 40% of available limit Micro Enterprise card: 1.50% per month i..e 18% per annum. Uni Gold6X: 3.99% per month i.e. 47.88% per Finance Charges annum All other Credit Cards: 3.75% per month i.e. 45% per annum Micro Enterprise card: 1.50% per month i..e 18% per annum. Interest Rate for Cash Uni GoldX: 3.99% per month i.e. 47.88% per Advances/ Withdrawals annum All other Credit Cards: 3.75% per month i.e. 45% per annum Micro Enterprise card: 1.50% per month i..e 18% per annum. Overdue Interest Uni GoldX: 3.99% per month i.e. 47.88% per Charges annum All other Credit Cards: 3.75% per month i.e. 45% per annum Duplicate Bill ₹25 per Bill Not applicable for Etihad Guest & Etihad Guest Premium Credit Card IRCTC Cobrand Credit Card: 1% of fuel transaction amount surcharge waived for fuel transactions between ₹500 to ₹3000 (subject to maximum of ₹100 per statement) Varunah: 1% of fuel transaction amount surcharge waived for fuel transactions between ₹400 to ₹5000 (subject to maximum of ₹100 per statement) HPCL Energie Cobrand Credit card: 1% of fuel transaction amount surcharge waived for fuel transactions done only at HPCL fuel stations between ₹400 to ₹5000 (subject to maximum of ₹100 per statement) Uni GoldX: 1% surcharge waiver, valid for Surcharge on usage at transactions upto Rs. 7,500 only (subject to Petrol outlets* maximum of Rs. 500 per statement) Scapia: 1% surcharge waiver, valid for transactions upto Rs. 5,000 only (subject to maximum of Rs. 500 per statement) Etihad Guest and Etihad Guest Premium: 1% of fuel transaction amount surcharge waived for fuel transactions between ₹500 to ₹5000 (subject to maximum of ₹250 per statement) All other credit cards: 1% of fuel transaction amount surcharge waived for fuel transactions between ₹400 to ₹5000 (subject to maximum of ₹250 per statement) -7- Cheque Return Uni GoldX & Scapia: 2% of the payment charges amount subject to min of Rs. 350 per instance All other credit cards: 2% of the payment amount subject to min of ₹500 Auto Debit/SI Bounce 2% of the payment amount subject to min of Fee ** ₹500 Cash Payment ₹250 for every Cash payment Processing Fee Cheque Payment ₹100 for every Cheque payment Processing Fee Goods & Services Tax 18%# # (applicable on all fees, interest & other (GST) charges) Exceeding Credit Limit Uni GoldX: 2.5% of the amount over & above Charges the sanctioned credit limit or ₹300, whichever is higher. Overlimit upto 10% of credit limit Scapia: 2.5% of the amount over & above the sanctioned credit limit or ₹500, whichever is higher. Overlimit upto 10% of credit limit All other credit cards: 2.5% of the amount over & above the sanctioned credit limit or ₹600, whichever is higher. Overlimit upto 5% of credit limit Card Replacement Scapia: ₹200/- per card Charges All other credit cards: ₹100/- per card Charge Slip Retrieval ₹250/- per Charge Slip charges Eterna, Tiara, Varunah Premium, ICAI, ICSI, CMA: 2% of transaction amount Varunah Plus: 2.5% of transaction amount Yoddha, The Sentinel, Rakshamah, Vikram: Foreign Currency 3.00% of transaction amount Transaction Fee Etihad Guest: 1% of transaction amount. Uni GoldX, Scapia, Etihad Guest Premium: 0% of transaction amount All other credit cards: 3.5% of transaction amount Limit Enhancement No Fee Balance Transfer Not Available Rewards Redemption No Fee Fees Statement Balance Charges Less than ₹100 NIL ₹100 to ₹500 ₹100 Late Payment ₹501 to ₹1,000 ₹400 Charges**** ₹1,001 to ₹10,000 ₹750 ₹10,001 to ₹25,000 ₹950 ₹25,001 to ₹50,000 ₹1100 More than ₹50,000 ₹1300 -8- Uni GoldX: 1.25% of the total transaction amount or minimum of Rs. 100 whichever is higher will be levied on all rent payment transactions (Merchant Category Code or MCC 6513) Scapia: Spends on rent will attract a Processing Fee on convenience fee of 1% + applicable GST Rent Payments*** (max Rs.3,000 per transaction Merchant Category Code or MCC 6513) All other cards: A fee of 1% of the total transaction amount will be levied on all rent payment transactions (Merchant Category Code or MCC 6513) done using your BOBCARD Card.. Scapia: Spends on wallet load will attract a convenience fee of 1% + applicable GST (max Rs.3,000 per transaction (MCC’s 6539, 6540, Processing Fee on 6541,6542) Wallet Loading All other cards: 1% processing fees will be Transactions*** levied on Wallet loading Transactions (MCC’s 6539, 6540, 6541,6542) Micro Enterprise card: Wallet Loading transactions not allowed Scapia: Utility Transactions (MCC code: 4900) of Rs.50,000 or more in a month will attract a convenience fee of 1% + applicable GST (max Processing Fee on Rs.3,000 per transaction) Utility Transaction*** All Other Cards: 1% (Maximum ₹3000 per transaction) Processing fee will be levied to Utility transactions (MCC 4900) where transaction amount is ₹50,000 or higher. Scapia: Fuel spends (MCC 5172, 5541, 5542,5983) of Rs.50,000 or more in a month will attract a convenience fee of 1% + applicable GST (max Rs.3,000 per transaction) Processing Fee on Fuel HPCL Energie Credit Card: Processing fee Transaction*** on fuel transactions is not applicable All credit cards: 1% processing fee per transaction will be levied on fuel transactions (MCC 5172, 5541, 5542,5983) where transaction amount is ₹10,000 or higher. Uni GoldX: 1% surcharge on education payments via 3rd party merchants such as but Surcharge fee on not limited to CRED, Phonpe, Amazonpay etc. education payments (MCC: 8299, 8211, 8241, 8244, 8249, 8220) -9- All credit cards except Uni GoldX & Scapia: 1% fee (subject to maximum of ₹5000 per Processing fee on transaction) will be charged on online online education fee education fee payments via Third party payment (w.e.f payment apps - Cheq, CRED, Ease My Deal, 1st April 2026)*** Mobikwik, NoBroker, Paytm, Phonepe, SuperPe. Processing fee on toll & All credit cards except Uni GoldX & Scapia: bus Flat 1% fee will be charged on all Toll & Bus bookings (w.e.f 1st (MCC 4784) transactions where transaction April amount is ₹5000 or More. 2026)*** All credit cards except Uni GoldX & Scapia: 1% Processing fee on fee (Subject to maximum ₹5000 per railway transaction) will be charged on railway bookings (w.e.f 1st bookings (MCC 4112) of ₹30,000 or higher. April Please note, this charge is not applicable to 2026)*** BOBCARD IRCTC. Credit Guarantee Fund Trust for Micro and Small 0.55% (Only for Micro Enterprise Credit Card) Enterprises (CGTMSE) Fee# * The GST component is not reversed. Fuel transactions eligible for surcharge waiver do not earn Reward Points. Please note that the rate of fuel surcharge may vary depending on the fuel station and their acquiring bank. The surcharge is levied by the acquiring bank providing the terminal to the merchant. Please also note that the value of fuel transaction on charge slip will differ from the credit card statement since the fuel surcharge and GST on the same are levied by the acquiring bank after the transaction. **Applicable only once per Statement cycle per card & only in case Auto debit/Standing instruction fails due to insufficient balance in the Customer’s Account. Auto debit facility is not available for Uni GoldX & Scapia Credit Cards. *** Processing Fees & Surcharge is not reversible and this will be applicable for all credit cards mentioned above. **** Late payment charges are one-time charges applicable for the billing cycle and no penal interest shall be charged on such late payment charges. # CGTMSE fee is charged by Credit Guarantee Fund trust for Micro and Small Enterprises as a loan guarantee fee in case of possible future default by cardholder Any changes in schedule of fees and charges and terms and conditions. Normally, changes (other than those which are a result of regulatory requirements) will be made with prospective effect giving 30 days’ notice - 10 - c. Interest Free Grace Period: The interest free grace period could range from 20 to 50 days for all cards and 20 to 47 days for UNI GoldX & Scapia, depending upon date of transactions, provided there are no previous outstanding on the card. Grace period of 3 days is allowed from the payment due date on credit card accounts, where payments are not overdue from previous billing cycle(s). The payment due date as mentioned on the credit card statement is the date by which clear funds must be credited to the credit card, however 3 grace days are provided to accommodate for processing time of payments. Illustration for UNI GoldX and Scapia: This means that a customer who has a billing date of 1st of the month can spend on his Card from 1st April to 30th April, his bill will be generated on 1st May and his Payment Due Date will be 18th May. Hence a purchase made on 14th April will have interest free grace period of 35 days, while a purchase made on 20th April will have interest free grace period of 28 days. However, this is not applicable if the Previous month’s balance has not been cleared in full or if the Card member has availed of cash from ATM. Illustration for All other Cards: This means that a customer who has a billing date of 1st of the month can spend on his Card from 1st April to 30th April, his bill will be generated on 1st May and his Payment Due Date will be 20th May. Hence a purchase made on 14th April will have interest free grace period of 37 days, while a purchase made on 20th April will have interest free grace period of 31 days. However, this is not applicable if the Previous month’s balance has not been cleared in full or if the Card member has availed of cash from ATM. d. Finance Charges i. Finance Charges at applicable rates, are payable by Cardholder towards the services provided by BOBCARD LIMITED to the Cardholder(s) and/or for defaults/ delays committed in payments with reference to the card account ii. BOBCARD LIMITED exclusively retains the right to alter any/all charges or fees from time to time or introduce any new charges or fees, as it may deem appropriate, by issuing at least 30 days prior notice to the Cardholder/s of such change in the charges or fees. Changes in charges shall be made only with prospective effect giving prior notice of at least one month. If a cardholder desires to surrender his / her card on account of any change in charges to his / her disadvantage, he / she shall be permitted to do so without levying any extra charge for such closure, subject to payment of all dues by the cardholder It is clarified that the said change may be intimated to the Cardholders through SMS, Email and will also be available on BOBCARD LIMITED website exclusively iii. Finance Charges also accrue on 1. Cash withdrawal from the day of cash withdrawal 2. New Purchases within or above the credit limit, if the total outstanding is not paid by due date. v. The finance charges will continue to be levied till card outstanding is cleared in full. vi. For the finance charges applicable refer “TARIFF OF CHARGES” section. ## As per prevailing government guideline - 11 - e. Computation of Finance Charges i. The interest free period for a purchase (and any related debited charge) in any statement period will apply, if the Outstanding balance on the Card Account for the previous statement period (if any) is paid in full by its due date. ii. Finance charges are payable at the monthly interest rate on all transactions including unpaid EMI instalments from the date of transaction in the event of the Cardholder choosing not to pay his balance in full, till they are paid back in full. iii. . ‘Interest-free credit period’ is suspended if any balance of the previous month’s bill is outstanding i.e. If the Outstanding balance on the Card Account is not paid in full by its due date, a finance charge will be levied on any new purchase (and any related debited charge) from the day on which the purchase (and any related debited charge) is debited to the Card Account and on the Outstanding account balance on the Card Account from the first day of the last statement period. iv. Finance charges for both revolving credit and cash advances: Finance charges are calculated on the balance outstanding (purchase balance + cash advance) on the Card Account on a daily basis by applying the current daily percentage rate to the amount of the balance outstanding (purchase balance + cash advance) at the end of each day. v. Finance charges on overdue amount: The current rate of finance charges is up to 3.99% monthly i.e. 47.88% per annum (refer Finance charges on page no 5 for product wise charges) from the transaction date and is subject to change at the discretion of BOBCARD LIMITED. vi. The Cardholder pays finance charges when he/she does not pay off the full dues by the payment due date. vii. vii. The Cardholder does not have to pay finance charges in the following scenarios: 1. Opening balance is zero. 2. Has an outstanding and pays off 100% of the full outstanding by the due date. Illustration for all cards (Except Uni GoldX & Scapia): If your statement date is 1st of every month and transactions done between 1st July and 31st July, assuming no previous balance carried forward from 1st July, the statement will be generated on 1st August showing Total Amount Due as follows with due date of 20th August. For Retail Purchase of ₹1,000 on July 25th, TAD and MAD will be calculated as below: Full payment done on Due date SI Description Total Amount Minimum Due Amount Due A Transaction done on 25th ₹1,000 July B Total (as per the statement ₹1,000 ₹200 generated on 1st August) If full payment is made within the due date, no finance charges shall be levied. - 12 - Making only the minimum payment every month would result in the repayment stretching over months / years with consequential compounded interest payment on your outstanding balance For e.g. on a transaction of Rs.10,000 if Minimum Amount Due is paid every month (subject to a minimum amount of Rs.200 every month), it will take up to 52 months for entire outstanding amount to be paid in full. Scenario I: If no payment received by Payment due date i.e. 20th Aug then Finance charges for subsequent statement will be calculated as follows Scenario I: No payment on due date SI Description Total Amount Minimum Due Amount Due C Transaction done on 25th ₹1000 ₹20 July Finance Charges (@ 3.75% on ₹1000 from D ₹46.85 ₹46.85 25th July to 1st Sept (for 38 days)) E Late Payment Fee levied ₹400 ₹400 F GST levied in Fees and ₹80.43 ₹80.43 Charges (18% of D and E) Previous Statement MAD ₹200 Total (as per the ₹1527.28 ₹747.28 statement generated on 1st Sept) Scenario II: If only minimum amount due of Rs. 200 is received on 11th August i.e. on or before the payment due date, then Finance charges for subsequent statement will be calculated as follows Scenario II: MAD paid on due date SI Description Total Amount Minimum Due Amount Due MAD paid on 11th August ₹200 D Principal Transaction ₹800 ₹16 Outstanding (A-B) Finance Charges @ 3.75% on Rs 1000 from transaction date for 18 days (from 25th Jul'25 to E 11th Aug'25) and on Rs ₹41.92 ₹41.92 800 from date of MAD payment received date for 20 days (from 11th Aug'25 to 1st Sept'25) F GST levied in Fees and ₹7.55 ₹7.55 Charges (18% of E) - 13 - Total (as per the ₹849.47 ₹200 statement generated on 1st Sept) Illustration for Uni GoldX: Card Statement Date: If your statement date is 1st of every month and transactions done between 1st July and 31st July, assuming no previous balance carried forward from 1st July, the statement will be generated on 1st August showing Total Amount Due as follows with due date of 18th August. For Retail Purchase of ₹ 1,000 on July 25th, TAD and MAD will be calculated as below Full payment done on Due date Total Minimum Description Amount amount SI Due due Transaction done on 25th A July ₹ 1,000.00 Total (as per the statement generated on 1st B August) ₹ 1,000.00 ₹ 200.00 If full payment is made within the due date, no finance charges shall be levied. Scenario I: If no payment received by Payment due date i.e. 18th Aug then Finance charges for subsequent statement will be calculated as follows Scenario I: No payment on due date Total Minimum SI Description Amou amount nt Due due C Transaction done on 25th July ₹ 1000 ₹ 20 Finance Charges on revolving credit (@ 3.99% per month i.e. 47.88% D ₹ 49.85 ₹ 49.85 annually) on ₹ 1000 from 25th July to 1st Sept (for 38 days)) E Late Payment Fee levied ₹ 400 ₹ 400 GST levied in Fees and Charges F ₹ 80.97 ₹ 80.97 (18% of D and E) Previous Statement MAD ₹ 200 Total (as per the statement ₹ 1530.82 ₹ 750.82 generated on 1st Sept) Scenario II : If only minimum amount due of Rs. 200 is received on 11th August i.e. on or before the payment due date, then Finance charges for - 14 - subsequent statement will be calculated as follows Scenario II : MAD paid on due date Total Minimum SI Description Amount amount due Due MAD paid on 11th August ₹ 200 Principal Transaction D ₹ 800 ₹ 16 Outstanding (A-B) Finance Charges on revolving credit @ 3.99% per month i.e. 47.88% annually on Rs 1000 from transaction date i.e. 25th Jul'25 (for 18 E days i.e 25th Jul'25 to ₹ 44.60 ₹ 44.60 11th Aug'25) and on Rs 800 from date of MAD payment received date ie 11th Aug'25 (For 20 days i.e 11th Aug'25 to 1st Sept'25) GST levied in Fees and F ₹ 8.03 ₹ 8.03 Charges ( 18% of E) Total (as per the statement generated ₹ 852.63 ₹ 200 on 1st Sept) For cases where Total Amount Due exceeds Credit Limit, account overlimit amount (Total Amount due – Credit Limit) is greater than the Computed MAD, then MAD = Overlimit Amount. Any unpaid Minimum Amount Due (MAD) from previous statements will be added to the current statement’s MAD. In cases where the Total Amount Due (TAD) is INR 200 or less, the Minimum Amount Due (MAD) will be equal to the TAD. Finance charges apply if the outstanding balance is not paid in full by the Payment Due Date. For cash advances, finance charges are applicable from the date of transaction until full repayment. If the Cardholder opts for the revolving credit facility and pays less than the TAD, finance charges will apply to the entire outstanding amount (excluding charges).All new transactions will also attract finance charges from the date of transaction, until the previous outstanding balance is paid in full by the due date. In the Oct’25 MAD calculation, Previous months outstanding Fees and Charges (if any) will be also included. Illustration for Scapia: Card Statement Date: If your statement date is 1st of every month and transactions done between 1st July and 31st July, assuming no previous - 15 - balance carried forward from 1st July, the statement will be generated on 1st August showing Total Amount Due as follows with due date of 18th August. For Retail Purchase of ₹ 1,000 on July 25th, TAD and MAD will be calculated as below Full payment done on Due date Total Minimum Description Amount amount SI Due due Transaction done on 25th A July ₹ 1,000.00 Total (as per the statement generated on 1st B August) ₹ 1,000.00 ₹ 200.00 If full payment is made within the due date, no finance charges shall be levied. Scenario I: If no payment received by Payment due date i.e. 18th Aug then Finance charges for subsequent statement will be calculated as follows Scenario I: No payment on due date Total Minimum SI Description Amou amount nt Due due C Transaction done on 25th July ₹ 1000 ₹ 20 Finance Charges on revolving credit (@ 3.75% D per month i.e. 45% annually) ₹ 46.85 ₹ 46.85 on ₹ 1000 from 25th July to 1st Sept (for 38 days)) E Late Payment Fee levied ₹ 400 ₹ 400 GST levied in Fees and Charges F ₹ 80.43 ₹ 80.43 (18% of D and E) Previous Statement MAD ₹ 200 Total (as per the statement ₹ 1527.28 ₹ 747.28 generated on 1st Sept) Scenario II : If only minimum amount due of Rs. 200 is received on 11th August i.e. on or before the payment due date, then Finance charges for subsequent statement will be calculated as follows Scenario II : MAD paid on due date Total Minimum SI Description Amount amount due Due MAD paid on 11th August ₹ 200 Principal Transaction D ₹ 800 ₹ 16 Outstanding (A-B) - 16 - Finance Charges on revolving credit @ 3.75% per month i.e. 45% annually on Rs 1000 from transaction date i.e. 25th Jul'25 (for 18 days i.e 25th E ₹ 41.92 ₹ 41.92 Jul'25 to 11th Aug'25) and on Rs 800 from date of MAD payment received date ie 11th Aug'25 (For 20 days i.e 11th Aug'25 to 1st Sept'25) GST levied in Fees and F ₹ 7.55 ₹ 7.55 Charges ( 18% of E) Total (as per the statement generated ₹ 849.46 ₹ 200 on 1st Sept) For cases where Total Amount Due exceeds Credit Limit, account overlimit amount (Total Amount due – Credit Limit) is greater than the Computed MAD, then MAD = Overlimit Amount. Any unpaid Minimum Amount Due (MAD) from previous statements will be added to the current statement’s MAD. In cases where the Total Amount Due (TAD) is INR 200 or less, the Minimum Amount Due (MAD) will be equal to the TAD. Finance charges apply if the outstanding balance is not paid in full by the Payment Due Date. For cash advances, finance charges are applicable from the date of transaction until full repayment. If the Cardholder opts for the revolving credit facility and pays less than the TAD, finance charges will apply to the entire outstanding amount (excluding charges).All new transactions will also attract finance charges from the date of transaction, until the previous outstanding balance is paid in full by the due date. In the Oct’25 MAD calculation, Previous months outstanding Fees and Charges (if any) will be also included. Note: 1. GST will be applicable on Interest charges and Late Fee. 2. These illustrations are meant to be indicative and to show how interest is calculated and charged. Actual amounts can vary depending on specific cases. 2. CREDIT AND CASH WITHDRAWAL LIMITS a. BOBCARD LIMITED will, at its sole discretion, determine the credit limit and cash withdrawal limit (part of credit limit) for the principal Cardholder (including the add-on cardholder/s). Credit limit and available credit limit will also be shown on the monthly bills. BOBCARD LIMITED may at its discretion and/or on cardholder’s request, revise the credit limit from time to time intimating the card holder. - 17 - b. BOBCARD LIMITED reserves the right to cancel, suspend or reduce the credit limit available to a Cardholder at any time without prior notice, with or without assigning any reason. c. Credit limit of Cardholder can be cancelled automatically in the event of deterioration in the Cardholder’s creditworthiness. d. The outstanding on the card account must not exceed the credit limit at any time, failing which exceeding limit charges are applicable /may even lead to blocking of card. e. In the event cardholder makes payment over and above the amount due as per the monthly bills, cardholder shall not be entitled for interest on the credit balance and the same shall be adjusted against the amount due subsequently. Excess credit can be refunded to the savings account as per customer request and subject to availability of the bank account number. If the Card account stands cancelled, the credit balance/excess amount will be refunded to the Cardholder’s savings bank account. On receipt of account details the excess credit will be refunded within 7 working days of customer request date. Excess credit will not be adjusted against the outstanding balance of another card. f. Credit limit and Cash limit are assigned to the Cardholder based on various factors including but not limited to the internal parameters of BOBCARD LIMITED, the credit history with the credit bureaus. On periodic review of the card account, BOBCARD LIMITED reserves the right to allow the customer to continue with the same / reduced limit. Customers seeking to have their limits enhanced can do so by writing to BOBCARD LIMITED and providing documents as required. BOBCARD LIMITED at its sole discretion may/may not increase the limit without assigning any reasons/ clarifications. g. Available Credit Limit: Available credit limit is derived by subtracting the current outstanding on the credit card from credit limit allocated on the card. The available credit limit at the time of the statement generation is provided as a part of the monthly credit card statement. h. Renewal of Card: At the time of renewal of the card account, card holders shall be given a prior notice through WhatsApp/SMS / E-mail stating about the renewal. In case of renewal of an existing card, the cardholder shall be provided an option to decline the same if he/she wants to do so before dispatching the renewed card. BOBCARD LIMITED shall renew the card on expiry, except where. I. The conduct of account is found to be unsatisfactory. II. Credit history as per the credit bureau is found to be unsatisfactory. III. The outstanding dues are high. IV. Card is in blocked state V. No transaction is observed in the card account in the past 1 year from the due date of renewal 3. BILLING a. Billing Statement i. BOBCARD LIMITED follows the pattern of monthly billing cycle & sends statements though Email/SMS once in a month comprising details of transactions, credit limit, available credit limit, finance charges, minimum due date and/or payments made during that cycle. Billing Statement can also be downloaded by the Cardholder on registering the card at https://portal.bobcard.co.in or through our mobile app “BOBCARD”. BOBCARD app can be downloaded from https:// bobcard.io/App. Any omissions in the statement shall be adjusted in future statements. The Cardholder has a one-time option to change the existing billing cycle as available. Cardholder may write to crm@bobcard.co.in or contact - 18 - us at our Toll Free Nos. 1800 2090, 1800 1210 for a change in the billing cycle. Uni GoldX & Scapia cardholders can also download and view the monthly statement in PDF format on the Uni App & Scapia respectively. ii. If the bill date is 1st of the month, then due date will be 20th i.e. 20 days from bill generation date for all cards except Uni GoldX and Scapia. Non-receipt of bill does not absolve the Cardholder of his/her obligations and liabilities under this agreement and the Cardholder shall be solely liable to settle the outstanding balance on the card within the due date. iii. For Uni GoldX and Scapia, If the bill date is 1st of the month, then due date will be 18th i.e. 17 days from bill generation. . iv. For SMS alerts and e-bill facility, the Cardholder should update e- mail id and mobile number with BOBCARD LIMITED by sending an e-mail to crm@bobcard.co.in along with copy of self-attested photo ID proof. Customer can raise request to update the email ID and mobile number in profile section of the customer portal or mobile app. v. Duplicate monthly bills on specific request are provided by BOBCARD LIMITED. Duplicate bill charges as applicable will be debited in the subsequent bill b. Minimum Amount Due: i. Minimum Amount Due is the minimum amount of money, as a part of the total bill amount, that a cardholder has to pay to not be treated as an overdue bill. BOBCARD LIMITED offers revolving credit facility subject to regular payment of at least the minimum amount due. The total or minimum amount due is to be paid on or before the payment due date, as indicated in the bill. Bills/Statements are sent on e-mail & SMS. ii. Non-payment of the minimum amount due by the payment due date shall render Cardholder liable to risk of withdrawal or suspension (whether temporarily or permanently) of the credit facility. BOBCARD LIMITED may at its sole discretion also instruct the merchant establishment not to honour the credit card transaction iii. Making only the minimum payment every month would result in the repayment stretching over months / years with consequential compounded interest payment on your outstanding balance. iv. Cardholder may pay more than the minimum amount due/ total amount due outstanding balance before the payment due date. Payments can be made more than once during the billing period. v. In the event of part payment, the balance outstanding amount payable shall be carried forward to subsequent month which will attract finance charges and taxes till the date of full and final payment. BOBCARD’s minimum amount due will be calculated as below. vi. MAD is calculated as = 100% of (all Fees/Charges + Finance Charges + GST + EMI amount) + 2% of (Retail Spends + Cash Advance) (Please refer Illustration I, and Scenario I and II under computation of Finance Charges section) vii. For cases where Total Amount Due exceeds Credit Limit, account overlimit amount (Total Amount due – Credit Limit) is greater than the Computed MAD, then MAD = Overlimit Amount. (refer Illustration shared below) : If the Card Limit is ₹ 10,000, statement date is 1st of every month and transactions done between 1st July and 31st July and customer has given consent for OVL, Assuming no previous balance carried forward from 1st July, the statement will be generated on 1st August showing Minimum and Total Amount Due as follows with due date of 20th August. - 19 - Credit Limit ₹ 10,000 Total Minimum Amount Amount Due A Purchase done on 25th July ₹ ₹ 210.00 10,500.00 B Exceeding Credit Limit Charges ₹ 600.00 ₹ 600.00 C Total GST levied on B ₹ 108.00 ₹ 108.00 D Total Amount Due (TAD) (Sum of ₹ ₹ 918.00 A,B,C) 11,208.00 E Account Overlimit with Fees and ₹ Charges 1,208.00 F Final Min Amount Due (MAD) ₹ 1,208.00 viii. Any unpaid Minimum Amount Due (MAD) from previous statements will be added to the current statement’s MAD. ix. In cases where the Total Amount Due (TAD) is INR 200 or less, the Minimum Amount Due (MAD) will be equal to the TAD. x. Finance charges apply if the outstanding balance is not paid in full by the Payment Due Date. For cash advances, finance charges are applicable from the date of transaction until full repayment. If the Cardholder opts for the revolving credit facility and pays less than the TAD, finance charges will apply to the entire outstanding amount (excluding charges). All new transactions will also attract finance charges from the date of transaction, until the previous outstanding balance is paid in full by the due date. In the Oct’25 MAD calculation, Previous months outstanding Fees and Charges (if any) will be also included. xi. Late Payment Charges (Charges in case of default): Will be applicable if the minimum amount due is not paid by the payment due date. Clear funds need to be credited in the card account on or before the due date. (Details under “TARIFF OF CHARGES’ section) xii. On receipt of information from Cardholder regarding any discrepancies, BOBCARD may reverse the charge on temporary basis. If on completion of subsequent investigations as per scheme guidelines, it is found that the liability of such charge lies with the Cardholder account, the charge will be reinstated in a subsequent statement xiii. Exceeding Credit Limit facility will be provided only on basis of explicit consent from the cardholder as per regulatory guidelines. For cases, where account goes overlimit due to customer-initiated transactions, exceeding credit limit charge of 2.5% on the over-limit usage due to such transactions exceeding sanctioned credit limit subject to minimum of Rs. 600 will be applicable. Interest or any charges / fees on the credit card will not be factored in for the purpose of computing a cardholder’s credit limit usage and levying overlimit charges. Exceeding Credit limit charges will not be reversed in case of transaction reversal / cancellation / refund. Amount allowed for Overlimit transaction is at the discretion of BOBCARD c. Method of Payment: i. The payment may be made by way of Demand Draft, Cheque or Cash (at Bank of Baroda branches only) or online through bill desk (NEFT/RTGS/ IMPS mentioning the 16-digit credit card number). Bank of Baroda customers may pay through e-banking/ bobworld/ BOBCARD app/ Auto-debit. Outstation cheque/drafts if received - 20 - may attract processing fees which may be charged by bank at its sole discretion without notice. Cardholders may deposit payment at any of the Bank of Baroda branches. ii. For Uni GoldX & Scapia Credit Card, you can also pay the outstanding amount from the Uni app and Scapia App itself through Debit Card, Net Banking & UPI. Additionally, you can repay using third party payment apps. iii. Avoid paying your BOBCARD bill through third-party payment methods. BOBCARD has no control over these third-party payment providers nor can trace your payment or assure timely processing. This may result in delayed updates, leading to avoidable penalties/charges if the due date is exceeded. iv. In case of dishonouring of cheque, the card privileges may be suspended/ terminated without notice and cheque return charges, as mentioned in the tariff of charges shall be levied to the card account, at the sole discretion of BOBCARD LIMITED as per prevailing rates. BOBCARD LIMITED also reserves the right to initiate any appropriate legal action. v. Appropriations: The payments made by cardholders shall be appropriated in the order of EMI (Equated Monthly Instalments), taxes, fee and other charges, finance charges, cash withdrawal and retail usage. vi. Cardholder is advised to promptly communicate any change in billing address or contact numbers along with the documentary proof immediately to ensure receipt of bill/ communications regularly and timely. The card holder shall be solely liable for any /all misuse that may arise due to wrong delivery of card, unless the new address has been communicated to BOBCARD LIMITED and confirmation of the same has been received from BOBCARD LIMITED. vii. Payment towards the card account may be made in any of the following ways 1. Direct payment at Bank of Baroda branch/ bobworld / BOBCARD app. 2. Auto Debit instructions. Payments can be made via mobile app, BOBCARD website, BOBWORLD, Bank of Baroda Branches. Auto debit can be setup for Bank of Baroda accounts as well as Non-Bank of Baroda Accounts. For Bank of Baroda accounts, payments credited till 1 day prior to due date are considered. For NON-Bank of Baroda accounts, payments till 2 days prior to due date are considered. 3. A new auto-debit mandate must be set up for the additional card with its respective card details. The auto-debit mandate of the primary card is unique and cannot be applied to the additional card. Cardholders are required to maintain adequate balance in their bank account at least one day before the Payment Due Date so that their Auto Debit payment does not bounce due to lack of funds. 4. Online payment i.e. bill desk/ VISA Money transfer/ Net Banking/ NEFT/ RTGS/ IMPS/ Instapay etc. The cheque/draft should be made payable to “BOBCARD Card No. XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX”. The cardholders are advised to mention their Name & contact nos. on the back side of cheque/demand draft d. Billing Disputes i. All contents of the statement will be deemed to be correct and accepted by the Cardholder unless discrepancy/ irregularities if any is brought to the notice of BOBCARD LIMITED within 15 days - 21 - from the date of the generation of statement date or within 45 days from the date of transaction. ii. The necessary action which may include rectification, if any will be done on the basis of merits of individual cases and after due investigation to the full and final satisfaction of BOBCARD LIMITED. Investigations conducted by BOBCARD LIMITED shall be final and binding on the Cardholder. iii. Disputes raised after the period as aforesaid, shall be accepted at the sole discretion of BOBCARD LIMITED. Liability to clear outstanding dues shall not be affected merely by existence of a pending claim or a dispute between the Cardholder and BOBCARD LIMITED. No charges shall be levied on transactions disputed as ‘fraud’ by the cardholder until the dispute is resolved iv. For any further escalation, you can reach our Grievance Redressal Officer to examine issues and provide an impartial resolution at Credit Card Customer Service BOBCARD LIMITED 15th Floor, 1502/1503/1504, DLH Park, S.V.Road, Goregaon West, Mumbai – 400104 and also email at escalations@bobcard.co.in Cardholders can send mail to crm@bobcard.co.in or reach out to out 24*7 toll-free number: 1800 2090 & 1800 1210 v. Card swipe/online transactions outside India may be processed without PIN/OTP. Cardholder will be liable for any loss incurred prior to reporting to BOBCARD Limited. 4. DEFAULT AND CIRCUMSTANCES a. In case of non-payment of minimum amount due by the payment due date the card would be blocked and may be unblocked only after receipt of required payment. BOBCARD LIMITED reserves the right to withdraw the card facility or reduce the credit limit at its sole discretion without prior notice. In case of continued non-payment of card outstanding, BOBCARD LIMITED may cancel the credit card and the same may not be reinstated even after the dues are paid. Late fees/penal charges or reporting an account as ‘past due’ to CICs shall occur only when the account remains past-due for more than 3 days, DPD will continue to be computed from the payment due date b. If the Cardholder does not pay at least the minimum amount due by the payment due date, the card will be reported (days past due) in the weekly submissions to the Credit Information Companies (CICs), authorized by the RBI effective 1st July 2026. If any dues or outstanding payable by the Card Member to the Bank hereunder remains due and payable, the Cardholder shall be reported to the RBI or any other authority as per prevailing norm and as required under the applicable regulations/laws. If requisite payment is made, the record will be accordingly updated in the subsequent weekly reporting to the CICs effective 1st July 2026. For any queries related to updated information please write to crm@bobcard.co.in c. If a card holder, post being reported as defaulter, clears his/her dues, then BOBCARD would withdraw the defaulter status from the Credit Information Company except for write off flagged accounts. Such changes may take 30 days to reflect in customer’s credit report. Terms and Conditions Governing Credit Card facilities shall be applicable to the Supplementary /Add on Cardholder as well. Late Payment Charge is levied if minimum amount Due is not received upto due date plus 3 days grace period post due date. CIC is updated as per RBI - 22 - guidelines. CIC reporting is carried on weekly basis effective 1 st July 2026 d. In case of death/permanent in-capacitance of Cardholder, the entire outstanding balance (including unbilled transactions) will become immediately due and payable to BOBCARD LIMITED. Any outstanding in the credit card account shall be a legally binding and recoverable from the successors, beneficiaries, legal heirs, estate, assigns of the deceased Cardholder. Special Mention account: A credit card account will be treated as non-performing asset (‘NPA’) if the Minimum Amount Due, as mentioned in the statement, is not paid fully within ninety (90) days from the PDD mentioned in the statement. A day after the statement is generated post account classification as NPA, all EMI plans available on the account shall be closed & the principal outstanding along with the unpaid outstanding interest accrued till the date of such EMI plans shall be debited to the Credit Card Account & appear in the subsequent monthly statement. BOBCARD Limited shall be entitled to demand immediate repayment of such consolidated outstanding amounts. As a part of the Credit Card Account, this balance will attract all applicable charges (including finance charges at applicable interest rate) as outlined in the MITC. Please see below illustrative example of Special Mention Account (SMA)/ Non Performing Asset (NPA) classification methodology. Illustrative example – If due date of a credit card account is July 20, 2026, and full dues are not received before BOBCARD runs the day- end process for this date, the date of overdue shall be July 20, 2026. If it continues to remain overdue, then this card account shall get tagged as SMA-1 upon running day-end process on August 19, 2026 i.e. upon completion of 30 days of being continuously overdue. Accordingly, the date of SMA-1 classification for that card account shall be August 19, 2026. Similarly, if the card account continues to remain overdue, it shall get tagged as SMA-2 upon running day-end process on September 18, 2026 and if continues to remain overdue further, it shall get classified as NPA upon running day-end process on October 18, 2026. Due Date: July 20, 2026 Overdue days NA 1 31 61 91 August Date of July 19, July 21, 19, September October classification 2026 2026 2026 18, 2026 18, 2026 Classification status* Standard SMA 0 SMA 1 SMA 2 NPA *Classification status tracking will depend on the type of facility being extended, for e.g. SMA 0 classification is not applicable for revolving facilities, and will be tracked for SMA 1 onwards. The above classification shall be governed by RBI guidelines as amended from time to time 5. RECOVERY IN CASE OF DEFAULT AND ARBITRATION CLAUSE i. In the event of default (if the minimum amount due is not paid by the payment due date or breach of any clause of the Cardholder agreement), the cardholder will be sent reminder of any outstanding on the credit card account, by visit, post, fax, telephone, e-mail, SMS messaging and/or through third parties appointed for collection purpose to remind, follow- up and collect - 23 - dues. If the Minimum Amount Due on the credit card is not paid by the due date, BOBCARD may, at its discretion and in accordance with applicable laws and regulatory guidelines, assign your account to an authorized recovery agency for the recovery of outstanding dues. ii. Recovery proceedings shall be conducted in accordance with RBI's Fair Practices Code and applicable recovery agent guidelines iii. Without Prejudice to the rights available to BOBCARD LIMITED under prevailing legislation, all dispute including but not limited to the differences and/or claims/dues arising at any time during its subsistence or thereafter between the parties arising in respect of Card holder Agreement/ MITC/ Card issuance etc, hereof shall be settled by Arbitration, in accordance with the provisions of the Arbitration and Conciliation Act, 1996 and its subsequent statutory modification or re-enactment for the time being in force and shall be conducted by a mutually appointed sole arbitrator. iv. In absence of any recommendation from Cardholder for appointment of Arbitrator within 30 days from date of Notice for invoking arbitration, nomination recommended by BOBCARD LIMITED for sole arbitrator will deemed to have been accepted. v. The Arbitration proceedings shall be conducted in English at a venue in Mumbai under Arbitration and Conciliation Act, 1996. vi. The decision of the Arbitrator shall be final and binding upon the parties. vii. In case of default in payment of the card outstanding, BOBCARD LIMITED, not limited to though, does reserve the right to take legal recourse for collection of outstanding dues on the card account(s) apart from pursuing all other remedies available to it within the framework of the law of the land. 6. INSURANCE i. BOBCARD LIMITED may take various complementary insurance covers from time to time for the benefit of the Cardholders. The cover amount and product shall be decided at the sole discretion of BOBCARD LIMITED and BOBCARD LIMITED reserves the right to continue/ withdraw the facility without notice. ii. Nominee Name is mandatory to be shared at the time of on- boarding iii. Insurance facility is not available on Swavlamban, Easy, Select, Select(FD), Premier, Premier(FD), Eterna, Eterna (FD), Tiara, Empower Business, Corporate, Micro Enterprise, IRCTC, HPCL Energie, Snapdeal, Etihad, Scapia, Uni Gold X, Elite, Renaissance, Platinum Select, Signature, Prime, Assure, Pragati BGGB, Pragati BRKGB, Pragati BUPB credit cards. iv. Insurance facility is available from day of card issuance to primary cardholders only. v. Insurance covers only to the extent of Accidental Death of the primary cardholder. Natural death is not covered in the claim. v. No separate policy document or copy will be provided to the Cardholder. vi. The amount of the cover may vary from year to year depending upon the type of cover taken for the particular year. (For details of existing policy, please refer to our website: www.bobcard.co.in) vii. Insurance coverage shall be subject to card usage during the 90 days preceding the customer's death, as per the policy terms and conditions. viii. No insurance is payable for blocked/ cancelled/ NPA/ irregular card account. - 24 - ix. In the event of settlement of claim by the insurer, the claim amount shall be first adjusted against the outstanding credit card dues, if any and the administrative charges as under: Administrative charge Transaction in Last 90 amount days ₹1000 If transaction in the card is observed ₹2000 If no transaction in the card is observed x. The adjusted claim sum as referred above shall be released to the person, as may be nominated by the Cardholder from time to time, excluding other family members. xi. In other case the amount may be released to the legal heirs of the deceased Cardholder, subject to receipt of satisfactory proof of their inheritance and other documents, as may be required by the insurer from time to time. xii. The Cardholder shall take utmost care to nominate one of his/her family members for getting the settled claim, if any. BOBCARD LIMITED shall not take any responsibility for the delay caused, if any, in releasing the claim amount, for want of proper documents/ nominee. xiii. BOBCARD LIMITED is taking insurance from various insurers for the benefits of its Cardholders. In the event of rejection of claim by the insurer, BOBCARD LIMITED shall not be liable to settle the claim on behalf of the insurer. BOBCARD LIMITED shall not be responsible for any dispute arising due to claim settlement. xiv.It is clarified that for matter relating to settlement of insurance claims, BOBCARD LIMITED is acting as a facilitator only and in any case, the same shall be decided between the insurer and the Cardholders themselves. xv. The liability to clear outstanding dues shall not be affected merely by existence of a pending claim or a dispute between the Cardholder and the insurer. xvi.In the event of non-clearance of outstanding dues by the cardholder/nominee, as the case may be, BOBCARD LIMITED reserves its right to not to entertain any request/ correspondence towards insurance settlement. xvii. BOBCARD LIMITED may charge a nominal fee (subject to one- month prior notice) for extending the insurance cover to the cardholders who opt to avail the facility. xviii. All Insurance related queries / claims to be sent to insurance@bobcard.co.in within 60 days from date of customer’s death, if the claim is not reported to BOBCARD Limited within 60 days, the claim is not admissible. xix.Documents to be submitted further in 30 days of claim intimation date, if document is not submitted to BOBCARD within above time period, the claim is not admissible & will be declined/rejected by insurance company. xx. Details of Insurance Benefits are available on respective product webpage at bobcard.co.in. 7. TERMINATION/ REVOCATION OF CARD i. The Cardholder may terminate the agreement at any time by sending a written notice to BOBCARD LIMITED Customer Support - 25 - at crm@bobcard.co.in. However, the card account will be closed only on full clearance of all the outstanding. ii. If cardholder is holding primary, linked add on card and an additional card then in that case both primary and linked add on card will be closed while the additional card will remain active unless cardholder explicitly cancels the same. For FD backed cards, if primary card is closed, then all linked additional card and addon cards will be closed. iii. Add-on Credit Card means a supplementary credit card to the principal or primary credit card, issued to person/s with predefined relationship with the primary cardholder, within the credit limits and liability of the latter, subject to such terms and conditions as stipulated by BOBCARD Limited. Credit Limit enhancement facility is applicable only for primary cardholder. No enhancement in the credit limit shall be carried out without obtaining the explicit consent of the cardholder iv. Additional credit card means a separate credit card provided to the primary cardholder within the same credit limit of the primary card. v. The privileges of the Card may be suspended and the Card cancelled by BOBCARD LIMITED, either temporarily or permanently, at any time in its absolute discretion and without giving prior notice thereof to the Cardholder or assigning any reason therefore. vi. The whole of the outstanding balance on the card account, together with the amount of any outstanding card transactions effected but not yet charged to the account, will become immediately due and payable in full to BOBCARD LIMITED on suspension/termination of the agreement for whatever reasons. The Cardholder may continue to receive monthly statements, reflecting the actual outstanding, even after closure of the card account if there is an outstanding due. vii. BOBCARD LIMITED reserves right to withhold the No Objection Certificate (NOC), even after closure/termination/Cancellation of Card, if it is been found that Cardholder is in default with any of the Bank of Baroda Group Companies. viii. The privileges of the Card may be suspended and the Card cancelled by BOBCARD LIMITED, either temporarily or permanently if cardholder or his Family member use their own or family member’s BOBCARD LIMITED issued credit card at own establishment. ix. For urgent blocking of card please call on 1800 2090 & 1800 1210 (24*7) Toll Free from MTNL/BSNL Lines or SMS BLOCK <last 4 digits of your credit card number> at 9223172141 from your registered mobile number OR block the card online by logging to your web portal account (Click - https://portal.bobcard.co.in to register if not already registered)BOBCARD LIMITED have the right to approve or decline any credit card transactions/ payments or transactions originating from certain/any MCCs, with or without notice and without assigning any reasons. In case BOBCARD LIMITED notices any unusual and abnormal transaction patterns in card usage, BOBCARD LIMITED will try to establish contact with the customer on the registered phone number of the customer available in its records to verify the bonafide purpose of the card transaction. In case attempts to establish contact with the customer fail, BOBCARD LIMITED may restrict/terminate the use of card/s (primary/add-on/ additional) without any further notice, if BOBCARD LIMITED reasonably believes it necessary in the interest of the Cardholder and for security reasons. With a view to ensure that the Credit Card is being used as per the regulatory - 26 - guidelines, Terms and Conditions and applicable policies of BOBCARD LIMITED, BOBCARD LIMITED shall have the right to run periodic checks on the Credit Card usage to identify whether there is excessive utilization of credit limit beyond the sanctioned limit in one statement cycle, unusual or excessive utilization at few select merchants, possible collusion with merchant and/or usage towards non-personal/ business related requirements, over-use/ misuse of features/ offers/ programs towards accumulation of undue reward points/ cash back / other benefits amongst others. Based on the usage patterns, if any of these is suspected by BOBCARD LIMITED, BOBCARD LIMITED may take restrictive action on the Credit Card and BOBCARD shall conduct audit of the borrower basis regulator guidelines. Such action can be with immediate effect and may include but not be limited to withdrawal of features/ benefits as well as complete termination of the Credit Card (primary/add-on/additional or all the relationships). If any such action is taken by BOBCARD LIMITED - the onus will be on the customer to provide satisfactory proof of bona fide usage within the stipulated time frame as per the regulatory guidelines to reinstate the Credit Card and attached features/ benefits as may be deemed fit by BOBCARD LIMITED. BOBCARD LIMITED decision in this regard shall be final and binding on the customers. Considering the above, card account/s may be cancelled as per the sole discretion of BOBCARD LIMITED, in case of no response / unsatisfactory response from the cardholder and CIC status will be updated as the regulatory guidelines. After termination/cancellation of the card account (primary/addon/additional), card holder/s will be liable to repay the total outstanding including transactions which are yet to be billed. Additionally, all benefits (reward points, cash back etc.) will be forfeited immediately. x. If a credit card is not activated or used within thirty days from the date of issuance, BOBCARD Limited will request the cardholder to activate or use the card within seven days following the completion of the thirty days non usage period. If the cardholder does not activate or start using the card within a period of seven days, the card account shall be closed by BOBCARD Limited and SMS will be sent to customer to inform him/her about card closure. In case of add on card, consent for activation will be sought from primary cardholder. xi. No annual fee or recurring charges will accrue after effective closure of the card account. xii. In addition to financial transactions, any process initiated by the cardholder such as generation of statement, change of PIN, change in transaction controls, etc., shall be considered for treating a card as ‘used’ xiii. Please note that if a credit card remains unused for a continuous period of one year, BOBCARD Limited shall request the cardholder to resume usage within 30 days from the completion of the one- year inactivity period. If no reply is received from the cardholder within a period of thirty days, the card account shall be closed by BOBCARD Limited, subject to payment of all dues by the cardholder. Subsequent to closure of credit card account, any credit balance available in credit card accounts is transferred to the cardholder’s bank account. SMS is shared with the customer in order to obtain the details of the cardholder’s bank account until which the credit balance is maintained at credit card account. Failure on the part of the card-issuers to complete the process of closure of credit card within seven working days shall result in a - 27 - penalty of ₹500 per calendar day of delay payable to the customer, till the closure of credit card, provided there is no outstanding in the credit card account. xiv.In case, an unsolicited card is issued / existing card upgraded and activated without the explicit consent of the recipient and the latter is billed for the same, BOBCARD shall not only reverse the charges forthwith, but also pay a penalty without demur to the recipient amounting to twice the value of the charges reversed. 8. LOSS / THEFT / MISUSE OF CARD i. Cardholder should block the card immediately through https://portal.bobcard.co.in (if already registered for the portal access) or BOBCARD mobile app. Cardholder can call on 1800 2090 & 1800 1210 (24*7) Toll Free or SMS BLOCK <last 4 digits of your credit card number> at 9223172141 from their registered mobile number and report the loss/theft/ misuse of credit card/not received when due so that the card is blocked immediately. SMS intimation sent to cardholder post card blocking. Cardholder has to block linked add-on or additional card separately if required. ii. BOBCARD LIMITED is not liable or responsible for any transactions incurred on the card prior to the time of reporting of the loss of the card to BOBCARD LIMITED and the Cardholder will be wholly liable for the same. iii. In addition to notifying BOBCARD LIMITED about the loss or theft of the Card, the Cardholder must report any theft of the Credit Card(s) to the Police and lodge a FIR. iv. The Cardholder will, however, be liable for all losses when someone obtains and misuses the Card or PIN with the Cardholder’s consent. This will be applicable for all transactions. v. BOBCARD LIMITED may, without referring to the Cardholder or any Additional Cardholder, give the police or other relevant authorities any information that BOBCARD LIMITED considers relevant about the loss, theft or misuse of a Card or PIN. However, release of information, investigation, reports etc to the Cardholder shall be on sole discretion of BOBCARD LIMITED. vi. In order to get a replacement card, the cardholder should send an email request to crm@bobcard.co.in . vii. BOBCARD LIMITED Contactless Cards allows you to pay with a simple tap. To make a transaction of ₹5,000 or less, just tap to pay with your contactless card and you won’t need to sign or enter any PIN. Contactless transactions are as secured as any chip or PIN based transactions. The BOBCARD is not liable or responsible for any transactions incurred on the Card Account prior to time of reporting or delay in reporting of the loss or misuse of the card and the Card member will be wholly liable for the same. Terms and Conditions mentioned in the card member agreement is applicable for all contact-less cards and contact-less transactions. viii. The card holder shall be liable for the losses arising due to negligent behavior or fraudulent activity of the card holder. ix. Use of card post demise of Card Holder shall be deemed as misuse of the card: (a) Retail/Individual Credit card(s): , It is the responsibility of the legal heir to notify BOBCARD LIMITED immediately but not later than 30 days from the card holder’s death for card closure and ensure the primary card as well add on cards (if any) are not misused by any person including the legal heir himself/ herself. Any additional/add-on cards availed will be closed automatically. On demise of any of the add-on card holder, the - 28 - primary card holder shall notify BOBCARD LIMITED immediately for the closure of add-on card. (b) On misuse of the card, BOBCARD LIMITED reserves the right to take appropriate legal action against the legal heir/authorized signatory. (c) For more details on customer protection in case of unauthorized transactions please refer customer protection liability policy available on our website: www.bobcard.co.in 9. PURPOSE AND USE a. The card cannot be used for any purpose prohibited by regulations or applicable law. b. The card is to be used only for personal use and not for any business or funding of commercial activity. Further, The Corporate and Business Card variants may be used for personal purposes and bona fide business expenses. c. The Credit Card is valid for use both in India as well as abroad. It is, however, not valid for making foreign currency transactions in Nepal and Bhutan. The exchange rate used to convert Foreign Currency transaction into INR will be determined by network partners, as the case may be, basis the exchange rates governed by them on the date the transaction is settled with BOBCARD, which may not be the same date on which the transaction was made. The Foreign currency transaction fee will be applied on the INR converted amount shared by the network partner. d. Usage of the Card for transactions outside India shall be in accordance with the provisions of the Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 (FEMA), applicable RBI regulations, and other statutory guidelines issued from time to time. The Card shall not be used for transactions that are prohibited under applicable laws and regulations, including but not limited to lottery tickets, banned or prohibited publications/materials, participation in sweepstakes, illegal betting or gambling activities, unauthorized foreign exchange trading, dealings with sanctioned entities, or any other transactions prohibited by regulatory authorities. Any violation of applicable regulations may result in restriction, suspension, or closure of card facilities, in addition to any action as may be required under the prevailing laws. e. As per Reserve Bank of India (Commercial Banks – Responsible Business Conduct) Directions, 2025 - Limiting Liability of Customers in Unauthorised Electronic Banking Transactions, a policy is designed to ensure customer protection relating to unauthorized credit card transactions. The same is updated on BOBCARD’s website under Public Disclosure section. The policy is based on the principles of transparency and fairness in treatment of customers f. In compliance with RBI circular for failed transactions in case BOBCARD Card does not reverse the money debited due to a failed transaction within a prescribed timeline in applicable cases, then compensation shall be paid to the customer as per provisions of the above circular, basis any such confirmation/information received from card networks on failed transactions. Details regarding compensation policy available on our website under Public Disclosure section g. As per regulatory guidelines, credit card will be activated only for domestic POS and ATM transactions. At merchant locations, these transactions can be completed using a 4-digit PIN that can be generated through customer portal or by calling our 24*7 customer service number. h. To activate credit card for domestic (contactless, online) and International (POS, Contactless, Online and ATM transactions), cardholder can log in to the customer portal and submit the request. - 29 - i. Cardholder shall not disclose the PIN to any person and shall take all possible care to avoid its discovery by any person. Cardholder shall be liable for all transactions made with the use of the PIN, whether with or without cardholder’s knowledge and BOBCARD is not liable for the misuse of the PIN by the card holder. BOBCARD LIMITED reserves the right to refuse any transactions if it believes that the PIN is being misused or being used without appropriate authorization. j. Foreign exchange trading through internet trading portals is not permitted. In the event of any violations or failure to comply, Cardholder may be liable for penal action under prevailing laws. k. The card cannot be used for the purchase of items prohibited by law such as but not limited to, cryptocurrency l. It will be the cardholder’s responsibility for all losses if he/she acts fraudulently or where misappropriation, misrepresentation or submission of incomplete / false information is observed on the card. 10. GRIEVANCE REDRESSAL MECHANISM i. We believe that successful business depends on creating long lasting and mutually beneficial relationship with customers. We have setup a separate customer grievance redressal cell, which takes care of all the enquiries, queries and complaints/ grievances of the customers. We provide the following types of support to our customers to deal with their requirements more effectively and timely manner. For any further escalation, you can reach our Grievance Redressal Officer to examine issues and provide an impartial resolution at Credit Card Customer Service BOBCARD LIMITED 15th Floor, 1502/1503/1504, DLH Park, S.V.Road, Goregaon West, Mumbai – 400104 and also email at escalations@bobcard.co.in CUSTOMER SUPPORT If the customer has any query, request or complaint, they can call us on the following numbers of our corporate office or by registering their cards at https://portal.bobcard.co.in. Issues Product Email ID/Tel.No Eterna@bobcard.co.in Eterna Billing/Payment/Card 24*7 Eterna helpline: 1800 103 1002 maintenance/Service crm@bobcard.co.in request or other Tiara queries/ 24*7 toll-free: 1800 103 1002 Lost/Stolen All other crm@bobcard.co.in Card/CIC complaints cards 24*7 toll-free: 1800 2090 & 1800 1210 Block your card immediately by calling on 1800 2090 & 1800 1210 (24*7) Toll Free or SMS BLOCK<last 4 digits of your credit card number> at 9223172141 from your registered Lost/Stolen Card All cards mobile number OR block the card online by logging to BOBCARD website your or through BOBCARD MobileApp Customers can also drop a mail to lostcard@bobcard.co.in - 30 - Mis-selling and All cards Harassment related complaints salesgrievance@bobcard.co.in Account closure All cards closurerequest@bobcard.co.in Data Privacy related All cards complaints dataprivacy.complaint@bobcard.co.in Complaint Redressal mechanism If the complaint escalations@bobcard.co.in remains unattended for more than 5 working days. Please be ready with the following information before making a call: Your credit card number, your name, your contact phone number, your Email Id (if any) For more details kindly the Grievance policy listed at: Https://www.bobcard.co.in/public-disclosures Customers can also directly write to our: Grievance Redressal Officer BOBCARD LIMITED 15th Floor, 1502/1503/1504, DLH Park, S.V. Road, Goregaon West, Mumbai - 400104 24*7 Toll Free number - 1800 2090 & 1800 1210 www.bobcard.co.in 11. DISCLOSURE i. BOBCARD LIMITED has tied up with Credit Information Companies (CICs) authorized by the RBI and will share credit information including but not limited to the current balance, loans / EMI facilities linked to credit card (if availed), balance outstanding on credit card/ loan, payment history etc. along with the demographic details with these organizations on a weekly basis effective 1st July 2026, as per the Credit Information Companies (Regulation) Act, 2005. The CICs only provide factual credit information and do not provide any opinion, indication or comment pertaining to whether credit should or should not be granted. For any queries related to updated information please write to crm@bobcard.co.in ii. Notice provided to the cardholder where minimum amount due payment is not received by day 23 (including grace period) of statement generation date via SMS advising that account may be reported as default if payment not received in the next 7 days before reporting as defaulter to CIC - 31 - iii. Notwithstanding anything contained hereinabove, BOBCARD LIMITED will not be held responsible for credit rating/report issued by the independent CIC to cardholder at any point of time. iv. It is in the best interest of Cardholder to maintain a good credit history by paying the necessary dues in a timely manner. Details of default would also be available with the CICs, which in turn could impact the credit worthiness of Cardholder. v. BOBCARD LIMITED reserves its right to report a delinquent Cardholder to the CICs even in an instance of Cardholder raising a billing dispute which BOBCARD LIMITED had clarified as an invalid dispute earlier or the dispute being raised by Cardholder after the cut-off date, as defined by BOBCARD LIMITED, and/or the dispute is in relation to secured transactions where a PIN or 3D secure password was used. vi. A credit card account will be treated as non-performing asset (‘NPA’) if the Minimum Amount Due, as mentioned in the statement, is not paid fully within ninety (90) days from the PDD mentioned in the statement. Further, any account where a settlement has been availed will be classified as NPA and the same cannot be upgraded. An account continues to be classified as NPA till the entire arrears of interest and principal are paid except for Pre NPA settlement cases. Finally, if any customer has even one credit card with BOBCARD (including Co-brand credit cards) tagged as NPA, all cards of the customer will be classified as NPA. vii. Card upgrade facility is provided to the customer post verifying certain internal criteria such as credit limit, Credit Bureau score etc. In the card upgrade scenario, customer card variant & number gets changed and new card gets issued to the customer as a fresh issuance with new expiry. Upgrade/new variant requests are processed with explicit cardholder’s consent. Upgrade/additional cards are offered at the sole discretion of BOBCARD viii. BOBCARD LIMITED will provide the particulars of the card account to the statutory authorities, regulator, legal authority, CICs and third part service as may be required. ix. Transaction alerts received may not be assumed as a confirmation of transaction completion. x. If the Cardholder does not wish to receive any direct marketing or telecalling / SMS from BOBCARD LIMITED for other products, the Cardholder may email BOBCARD LIMITED. The Cardholder will continue to receive communication pertaining to the core features of the credit card. A soft copy of this MITC document, Card Member Terms and Conditions, relevant credit card guidelines and local regulations are available on the official website of BOBCARD. xi. The Bank may, at its sole discretion, offer eligible Cardholders various Instalment Products, including but not limited to Equated Monthly Instalment (EMI) facilities, Balance Conversion and Instant Money, subject to the Bank's prevailing Terms and Conditions. The applicable interest rate, processing fee, tenure, instalment amount, foreclosure charges, applicable taxes and other charges shall be communicated to the Cardholder prior to availing the Instalment Product. Foreclosure of an Instalment Product shall be governed by the Bank's prevailing Terms and Conditions. Applicable foreclosure/pre-closure charges, accrued interest and applicable taxes shall be payable by the Cardholder. The detailed Terms and Conditions governing Instalment Products, including the applicable Schedule of Charges shall be available on the Bank's website under EMI options section and/or - 32 - communicated to the Cardholder at the time of availing the Instalment Product 12. REWARD POINT T&C A) For all cards (except Uni GoldX, Scapia, Etihad Guest & Guest Premium): 1.1 Core Reward Points: • Reward Points will be accrued/earned for transaction where transaction amount is Rs.100 or higher i.e., transactions below Rs. 100 will not earn any Reward Points. • HPCL Energie BOBCARD Reward Points will be accrued/earned for transaction where transaction amount is Rs.150 or higher i.e., transactions below Rs. 150 will not earn any Reward Points. • Fuel transactions don’t accrue/ earn any reward points on any BOBCARD except HPCL Energie BOBCARD • Spends on special categories (MCC’s) listed in annexure 1 won’t qualify for accelerated or core reward points feature. • Reward points earned during the statement cycle will be available for redemption post the statement generation. • For crediting Core Reward Points on eligible transactions, the Credit Card issuer (BOBCARD in this case) relies on the correct International/online flag or Merchant Category Code (MCC) identifier provided by the merchant acquirer (provider of the card acceptance service to the merchant). • BOBCARD is not liable for any disputes that arise due to differences in merchant category code mapping maintained by acquiring banks. Cardholder is requested to validate Merchant Category Code (MCC) from the merchant before making swipe on their card • Core reward points will be applicable as per features applicable on product variant held by the cardholder Core reward Product Name points (RP) Easy & Easy (FD backed), Select & Select (FD Backed), Business Empower, Corporate, CMA 1 RP per 100 One, ICAI, ICSI Diamond, RRB & Nainital bank, Varunah, Vikram, Micro Enterprise HPCL 2 RP per 150 Premier & Premier (FD Backed), Prime, IRCTC, 2 RP per 100 Rakshamah, Sentinel, Varunah Plus, Yoddha Eterna, & Eterna (FD Backed), Tiara, Varunah 3 RP per 100 Premium 4 RP per 100 Swavlamban (Max 800 point per statement) Snapdeal 4 RP per 100 1.2 Accelerated Reward Points: • Posting of additional Reward points is an automated process and the same will reflect in the next monthly statement. • For crediting Accelerated Reward Points on eligible transactions, BOBCARD relies on the correct International/online flag or Merchant Category Code (MCC) - 33 - identifier provided by the merchant acquirer (provider of the card acceptance service to the merchant). • The category of purchase will be decided on the basis of the Merchant Category Code (MCC) for the merchant establishment where the purchase is made. BOBCARD reserves the sole right to decide on whether a purchase meets the eligibility criteria as listed in table below • BOBCARD is not liable for any disputes that arise due to differences in merchant category code mapping maintained by acquiring banks. Cardholder is requested to validate Merchant Category Code (MCC) from the merchant before making swipe on his card. Only listed MCCs shall entitle the cardholder for Accelerated Reward Points on his card. • These flags/identifiers are as per rules laid out by the card networks (Visa, Mastercard, RuPay etc.). If the merchant acquirer does not send the flag/identifier or sends an incorrect flag/identifier, BOBCARD will not be able to identify such transactions as eligible transaction for accelerated reward points benefit, resulting in awarding of only Core Reward Points on such transactions as specified in point number 1.1 • Credit Card on UPI transactions are not eligible for Accelerated Reward Points /benefit. • Utility Transactions (MCC code 4900) are not eligible for Accelerated Reward Points. • Accelerated reward points are subject to maximum of specified number of reward points per statement cycle as specified in the last column of the below table, further spends in that statement cycle on such spend categories/MCCs will earn Reward Points at the regular earn rate. • Accelerated Reward points benefit is not applicable to Prime, Micro Enterprise, Corporate and Empower Credit Cards. • The sub categories and their respective MCCs for spend categories eligible for Accelerated Reward points include the following: Spends categories/MCCs Capping on Product eligible for Accelerated Accelerated Reward Name Reward Points Points per statement cycle Easy Easy Departmental store: 5311 (FD backed) Movies: 7832 1000 Reward Points Online-Online transaction flag provided by Merchant Select Select Acquirer (FD Backed) Dining – 5812 1000 Reward Points International - International Premier, transaction flag provided by Premier Merchant Acquirer (FD Backed) Dining - 5812 Travel- 4722 2000 Reward points - 34 - International - International transaction flag provided by Merchant Acquirer Dining - 5812 Tiara Travel – 4722 5000 Reward points Ecom-Online transaction flag provided by Merchant Acquirer International-International transaction flag provided by Eterna, Merchant Acquirer Eterna (FD Dining-5812 Backed) Travel-4722 5000 Reward points IRCTC BOBCARD Departmental store: 5311 1000 Reward points HPCL Energie BOBCARD Utilities: 4812, 4899 Departmental store: 5311 1000 Reward points Ecom: Online transaction 2000 Reward points flag provided by Merchant Snapdeal Acquirer BOBCARD Departmental store: 5311 International transaction flag provided by Merchant Acquirer Dining - 5812 Travel - 4722 Online transaction flag Varunah provided by Merchant Premium Acquirer 5000 Reward points International transaction flag provided by Merchant Acquirer Dining - 5812 Travel - 4722 Online transaction flag provided by Merchant Varunah Plus Acquirer 2000 Reward points Varunah Departmental store: 5311 750 Reward points Yoddha Departmental store: 5311 1000 Reward Points Rakshamah Departmental store: 5311 1000 Reward Points The Sentinel Departmental store: 5311 1000 Reward Points Online-Online transaction flag provided by Merchant Acquirer ICAI Dining - 5812 exclusive Utilities - 4812, 4899 1000 Reward Points - 35 - Online-Online transaction flag provided by Merchant Acquirer Dining - 5812 CMA One Utilities - 4812, 4899 1000 Reward Points Online-Online transaction flag provided by Merchant Acquirer ICSI Dining - 5812 Diamond Utilities - 4812, 4899 1000 Reward Points Departmental store: 5311 Vikram Movies: 7832 1000 Reward Points Departmental store: 5311 Renaissance Movies: 7832 1000 Reward Points Departmental store: 5311 Pragati Movies: 7832 1000 Reward Points 1.3 Milestone benefit Product Name Benefit Eterna, Eterna (FD) 20,000 reward points on spending Rs. 5,00,000 or more in anniversary year. ICAI Exclusive, CMA 4,000 Reward Points every Calendar One Quarter on spending greater than the assigned credit limit or above Rs 1 Lakh (whichever is higher) ICSI Diamond 3999 Reward Points every Calendar Quarter on spends greater than the assigned credit limit or Rs 1 Lakh (whichever is higher) Sentinel, Yoddha, 12 Months Amazon Prime Membership Rakshamah On spends of ₹1 Lakh, within 90 days of card issuance. • Anniversary year is defined as continuous period of 365 days from date of card issuance and in case of Upgrade continuous period of 365 days from date of upgrade. • Transactions settled during the specified period i.e., posted to your credit card will be considered for spend calculation to decide eligibility for milestone reward points benefit. • Any transactions carried out but unsettled or settled after the specified period of 60 days from card issuance or after 365 days of particular anniversary year won't be considered for spend calculation to decide eligibility for Milestone Reward Points benefit. • Reward points towards Milestone benefit will be posted to eligible cardholder’s credit card account within 30 days of end date of promotion period as specified above • Rewards Program is not applicable on Select MCCs 1.4 Welcome benefit • Eterna: 10,000 Reward points on spending Rs. 50,000 in first 60 days of card issuance • All other cards (except Uni, Scapia, Etihad, Ujjivan Small finance bank): 500 Reward points on spending Rs. 5000 in first 60 days of card issuance. 1.5 Reward Point Validity and Expiry - 36 - • Reward Points are valid only for 2 years from the date of accumulation i.e. reward points will expire automatically if not redeemed/used within 2 years. Example: if you have earned/received reward points in the month of August 2020, then the same will expire in August 2022 if not utilized/redeemed • Reward points on Eterna & Tiara Credit Card are evergreen i.e. reward points earned on Eterna and Tiara Credit Cards won’t lapse. However please note if you were holding any BOBCARD credit card and subsequently got it upgraded to Eterna /Tiara credit card – reward points earned on old/earlier credit card and carried forward/transferred to Eterna/Tiara credit card due to upgrade will lapse on expiry of the validity period for such reward points. • BOBCARD reserves the right to cancel or suspend Reward Points accrued on the Credit Card if it is in arrears, restructured, suspension or default or if the Card Account is reasonably suspected to be operated fraudulently. • Reward Points earned but not redeemed at the time of death of the card member or card closure (bank/customer initiated) shall be forfeited. • When the Card member obtains a refund or reimbursement for transactions previously incurred (for example, for returned merchandise or a cancelled transaction) a credit will be issued to the Card Account in the amount of reimbursement granted. Such credits posted to the Card Account including but not limited to those arising from returned goods or services or cancelled transactions, will reduce the Reward Points accrued to the Card Account as per the adjustments. • Cardholder can earn cashback through redemption of reward points towards cashback, Cashback credits will not be considered as payment for the last statement. Cardholder need to effect payment towards the previous statement outstanding. Cashback amount credited to the card account will be adjusted towards next statement balance. • Please note, effective 1st July, Auto redemption of Snapdeal Reward points against the statement will be discontinued. Cardholder can Redeem those rewards via Mobile app/ portal. • Minimum reward points required for redemption against Card statement is 1000 Reward Points • Reward Points will lapse in the following Scenarios: I. Voluntary or Bank initiated Closures II. Card getting classified as NPA III. Cardholder fails to make payment of credit card dues which is due for a period greater than 90 days IV. Cardholder fails to make payment of outstanding dues on the card account and opts for settlement of the outstanding amount. V. If the cardholder is found to be involved in fraud on own card account after the investigation is carried out by BOBCARD VI. In the event of the death of the cardholder VII. If the credit card is not used for more than 365 days. VIII. If the card is blocked for any other reason like lost/stolen and renewal/replacement card could not be delivered due to address change and such card is not activated by the Cardholder within 6 months. Reward points cannot be adjusted against the outstanding. In case of compromise settlement in - 37 - standard category as per the request of the card holder 2. BOBCARD Cashback Credit Card – Feature Terms and Conditions: • Cashback refers to the monetary reward credited to BOBCARD Cashback Credit Card account. • The cashbacks will be processed according to the following table: Acceler Accelera Total ate Type of Cashba ted Cashba Cashba usage/transaction ck Cashbac ck ck k capping Domestic POS 1% - 1% - Transaction International 1% - 1% - Transaction Max. Rs. Domestic Ecom 1,500 1% 4%* 5% transactions per stateme nt • Cardholder will be eligible for accelerated cashback benefit provided that cardholder has done Minimum 4 transactions in that statement cycle. • Following type of transactions won’t be eligible for Cashback benefit a) Transactions below Rs. 100 b) Transactions on select Merchant Category Codes (MCCs) as listed in Annexure 1. c) Fuel transactions d) Cash withdrawals at ATM e) Quasi Cash transactions • Cashback will be posted automatically and will reflect in the subsequent credit card statement. • Cashback will be computed based on net eligible spends during the statement period i.e. If a transaction is cancelled, returned, or reversed (Partially/fully) after the statement generation date, the corresponding cashback will be debited in that statement cycle. • The net cashback (earned minus reversed) for a billing cycle will appear as a transaction entry in the following month’s credit card statement. • If a transaction is cancelled, returned, or reversed (Partially/fully), the associated cashback will also be reversed. If the reversal leads to an outstanding balance on the credit card, it will be treated as a regular due and may attract applicable fees and charges as per the Most Important Terms and Conditions. • For crediting Cashback, BOBCARD relies on the correct International/online flag or Merchant Category Code (MCC) identifier provided by the merchant acquirer (provider of the card acceptance service to the merchant). BOBCARD is not liable for any disputes that arise due to differences in international/online flag or merchant category code mapping - 38 - maintained by acquiring banks. Cardholder is requested to validate Merchant Category Code (MCC) from the merchant before making transaction on their card. • Any pending or uncredited cashback will become invalid under the following circumstances a) Cancellation of the BOBCARD Credit Card b) Conversion to another BOBCARD Credit Card variant c) Card blockage due to non-payment of dues; or d) Breach of any clause in the Card Member Agreement • BOBCARD reserves the right to cancel or suspend Cashback accrued on the Credit Card if it is in arrears, restructured, suspension or default or if the Card Account is reasonably suspected to be operated fraudulently. • Cashback will not be applicable if the card is withdrawn, cancelled, or blocked due to non-payment. • BOBCARD’s calculation of cashback is final and binding. It cannot be disputed or challenged. • These terms are supplementary to the Most Important Terms and Conditions and do not override them 3. BOBCARD SmartDeal • Cardholder will earn extra Reward points for Flight and Hotel Booking by BOBCARD SmartDeal a) For Flight Booking: Extra 4X rewards b) For Hotel Booking: Extra 10 X rewards • Extra Reward points will be applicable for transactions carried out using BOBCARD SmartDeal inside logged in section of BOBCARD Mobile App/ Portal as per the table shared below. • Extra Reward points for BOBCARD SmartDeal transactions will be posted in the Cardholder’s credit card within 48 hours of Flight/ Hotel journey fulfilment date. • The BOBCARD SmartDeal reward points will reflect in the total rewards earned in the Card statement. Hotel Booking BOBCARD Product Flight Booking Via SmartDeal BOBCARD SmartDeal Easy 4 points for every Rs.100 10 points for every Rs.100 Select 4 points for every Rs.100 10 points for every Rs.100 Premier 8 points for every Rs.100 20 points for every Rs.100 Tiara 12 points for every Rs.100 30 points for every Rs.100 Eterna 12 points for every Rs.100 30 points for every Rs.100 Business Empower 4 points for every Rs.100 10 points for every Rs.100 Corporate 4 points for every Rs.100 10 points for every Rs.100 ICAI 4 points for every Rs.100 10 points for every Rs.100 ICSI Diamond 4 points for every Rs.100 10 points for every Rs.100 CMA One 4 points for every Rs.100 10 points for every Rs.100 - 39 - RRB & Nainital Bank 4 points for every Rs.100 10 points for every Rs.100 Varunah 4 points for every Rs.100 10 points for every Rs.100 Varunah Plus 8 points for every Rs.100 20 points for every Rs.100 Varunah Premium 12 points for every Rs.100 30 points for every Rs.100 Vikram 8 points for every Rs.100 20 points for every Rs.100 Rakshamah 8 points for every Rs.100 20 points for every Rs.100 Yoddha 8 points for every Rs.100 20 points for every Rs.100 Sentinels 8 points for every Rs.100 20 points for every Rs.100 IRCTC 8 points for every Rs.100 20 points for every Rs.100 Snapdeal 16 points for every Rs.100 40 points for every Rs.100 HPCL 8 points for every Rs.150 20 points for every Rs.150 Prime 8 points for every Rs.100 20 points for every Rs.100 SmartDeal program is not applicable on Scapia, Etihad Guest, Micro, PM Svanidhi, Cashback and Uni Goldx credit cards 4. TWID: Pay with Rewards • Cardholder will be able to redeem their BOBCARD Reward points on the Merchants where Pay BY Rewards option is available. • Minimum Redemption Threshold: A minimum of 500 reward points is required to initiate redemption using TWID pay with rewards • Redemption Cap: Up to 25% of the total invoice amount can be redeemed using BOBCARD reward points. • Reward Redemption value using Pay with Rewards 1RP= 15 Paisa • Payment can only be made using the card against which RP was redeemed. • In case of partial transaction reversals, the spend amount will be reversed first, followed by the reward points 5. BOBCARD Lounge Program 5.1 Eligibility criteria Table1: Product wise number of complimentary visits and quarterly spends criteria No of Quarterly Spends Criteria (min. Net Product complimentary Spends lounge visits required to qualify for lounge benefit) Rs. 75,000 in preceding calendar Eterna Unlimited quarter Rs. 75,000 in preceding calendar Eterna-FD Unlimited quarter - 40 - Rs. 75,000 in preceding calendar Tiara Unlimited quarter ICAI Rs. 40,000 in preceding calendar Exclusive 3 per Quarter quarter Rs. 40,000 in preceding calendar ICMAI One 3 per Quarter quarter ICSI Rs. 40,000 in preceding calendar Diamond 3 per Quarter quarter Varunah Rs. 75,000 in preceding calendar Premium Unlimited quarter Varunah Rs. 20,000 in preceding calendar Plus 3 per Quarter quarter The Rs. 20,000 in preceding calendar Sentinel 2 per Quarter quarter Rs. 20,000 in preceding calendar Rakshamah 2 per Quarter quarter Rs. 20,000 in preceding calendar Yoddha 2 per Quarter quarter Rs. 20,000 in preceding calendar Corporate 2 per Quarter quarter Rs. 20,000 in preceding calendar Premier 1 per Quarter quarter Rs. 20,000 in preceding calendar Premier-FD 1 per Quarter quarter Rs. 20,000 in preceding calendar HPCL 1 per Quarter quarter 5.2 Terms and Conditions • Lounge access is based on minimum net eligible spend in the previous calendar quarter, as per Table 1. • In the case of a newly issued card, the minimum spend criteria is waived for the Calendar quarter of card issuance for Lounge Utilisation a) This relaxation is applicable only in case of fresh cards issued during the calendar quarter and not applicable for upgrade from one product to another card product during the calendar quarter. b) In the case of a newly issued card in the last month of the calendar quarter, Lounge benefit will be extended to the next calendar quarter as well. • Only transactions, settled within the previous calendar quarter would be considered in eligibility calculation. Please note that settlement date may not be the same as the transaction date. For example, a transaction carried out on 30th Of June but settled in 1st of July will not be considered for Apr- Jun Spends eligibility calculation and will be considered in Jul- Sept spend eligibility • The following are excluded from eligible spends calculations: a) Payments towards interest, fees, or other bank charges b) Reversed transactions c) EMI instalments • To access a participating lounge, the cardholder must validate the card by swiping a nominal transaction of ₹2. • Cardholders can view their recent transactions and spend summary by logging into: a) BOBCARD Portal b) BOBCARD Mobile App - 41 - • The offer is non-transferable, non-negotiable, and cannot be encashed. It is mandatory for the cardholder to present the eligible BOBCARD at the lounge while availing the lounge benefit. • Lounge Access – Cooling Period o A cooling period of 5 (five) hours shall apply between two lounge visits under the BOBCARD Lounge Program. Accordingly, a cardholder shall not be eligible to avail a subsequent lounge visit within 5 (five) hours of the preceding lounge visit. o An eligible cardholder may generate a second QR Code only upon expiry of 24 (twenty-four) hours from the generation of the first QR Code or utilization of the first QR Code, whichever is later. • BOBCARD reserves the right to decline lounge access requests that do not comply with the above conditions. • BOBCARD does not guarantee the availability of lounge benefits, which may be affected by system malfunctions, Inability to authorize the card, Error in POS terminal, connectivity issues, or lounge capacity constraints. • Additional charges may apply for food, beverages (especially alcoholic drinks), and services like nap rooms, massages, and spas. These charges will be billed to the card based on the charge-slip provided by the lounge operator, and it is the cardholder’s responsibility to verify the accuracy of the charge- slip before using the facilities. Retaining the cardholder copy of the charge-slip is essential for any dispute resolution. • Participating lounges are operated by third-party entities and not by BOBCARD. Cardholders and their guests must adhere to lounge rules, including dress codes and behaviour standards. Entry may be denied due to overcrowding or non- compliance with lounge policies. Lounges may enforce a maximum stay duration (typically 2–3 hours) and are not obligated to announce flight details or boarding times. BOBCARD is not liable for any issues related to lounge access, usage, or missed flights. • Detailed list of eligible lounges can be accessed through the website https://www.bobcard.co.in/most-important-terms-and- condition B) Uni GoldX Rewards Program a) By using your Card, you are automatically enrolled in the Rewards Programme. Under the Rewards Programme, when you transact with your Card, Uni Coins are credited to the customer’s Uni account depending on the transaction value, the purchase category and the transaction being domestic or international. These Uni Coins can be accumulated and further used on the reward store in the Uni App to pay for other purchases or for exciting offers shown in the Uni App from time to time. b) Earn Uni Coins: - Uni Coins will be credited to the customer’s Uni account only for an eligible purchase made through the Card. a) Uni Coins will not accrue for money transfers (MCC: 4829), rent payments (MCC: 6513), fuel transactions (MCC: 5541, - 42 - 5542, 5983), cash withdrawals, digital wallet loading or top-up transactions (MCC: 6540), international transactions, EMI transactions, Utility services (MCC: 4812, 4814, 4815, 4816, 4821, 4829, 4899, 4900), Government services (MCC: 9034, 9211, 9222, 9223, 9311, 9399, 9402, 9405, 9700, 9701, 9702, 9751, 9754, 9950) & Education category (MCC: 8299, 8211, 8241, 8244, 8249, 8220). Sometimes, when you purchase a service/product on a digital wallet app which also offers in-app purchases, you may not get Uni Coins, as it involves actual wallet load, which is then used to make payment to the merchant. b) Currently, you will get 1 Uni Coin on every purchase of ₹1. Each Uni Coin is valued at one paisa. Uni Coins might not accrue for transactions of less than ₹100 done via GoldX UPI card. c) Redeem Uni Coins: i) No fee is levied if you wish to redeem Uni Coins. ii) Uni Coins may be redeemed in the following ways- Reward Store purchase: For purchasing products on the Rewards Store, the Cardholder may either (i) pay the full price as listed on Rewards Store for such product; or (ii) in certain situations, avail a lower price as listed on Rewards Store, by redeeming Uni Coins. iii) Uni Coins may be redeemed for other offers/benefits as applicable from time to time. iv) Process of redemption of Uni Coins will be provided inside the Uni App subject to change from time to time. v) On redemption, the rewards points so redeemed will be automatically subtracted from the accumulated Uni Coins in the customer’s Uni account. d. Uni Coins which have been credited or debited to the customer’s Uni account shall be reflected on the Uni App. e. BOBCARD reserves the right to wholly or partly modify the Rewards Programme. BOBCARD reserves the right to change the Uni Coin conversion rate, withdraw Uni Coins awarded or to vary any of the terms and conditions herein in its absolute discretion without prior notice to the Cardholder. f. In case, this Rewards Programme comes in conflict with any rule, regulation or order or any statutory authority, then BOBCARD has the absolute authority and right to modify or cancel this Rewards Programme to give effect to said requirements. g. Uni Coins do not expire and have lifetime validity, except in circumstances detailed below: - 43 - - If the Card is not used for more than 365 days, the accrued Uni Coins will be nullified. - BOBCARD reserves the right to cancel or suspend the accrued Uni Coins if the Card account is in arrears, suspension or default or if the Card account is or is reasonably suspected to be operated fraudulently. - In case of Cardholder’s death, the Uni Coins earned but not redeemed at that time will be forfeited. - If a transaction is reversed by way of a refund /chargeback/reimbursement, the transaction amount shall be credited back to your Card account. In such instances, the Uni Coins accrued on those transactions will be reduced from the overall points balance. - In case a Cardholder cancels vouchers that were availed of by redeeming Uni Coins, points can be reinstated at BOBCARD’s discretion at the same rate at which they were redeemed. - On closure/termination of Uni membership, any Uni Coins pending to be claimed in the Cardholder’s account will be forfeited. - On voluntary or Bobcard initiated Closures - On Card getting classified as NPA. - Cardholder fails to make payment of Card dues which is due for a period greater than 90 days. - Cardholder fails to make payment of outstanding dues on the card account and opts for settlement of the outstanding amount. - If the Card is blocked for any other reason like lost/stolen and renewal/replacement Card could not be delivered due to address change and such Card is not activated by the Cardholder within 6 months. h. You may note that every purchase is assigned a different “Category” depending upon the Merchant Category Code (“MCC”) defined by VISA. According to this, the merchant acquiring bank classifies the merchant depending on the service provided by them. For example, Food & Dining, Shopping, Travel, Entertainment, Groceries, Bills & Utilities, Fuel, and so on. Uni does not have any control over this MCC classification. i. Redemption of Uni Coins is subject to regular payment behaviour by the Cardholder. BOBCARD holds the discretion to block or adjust your - 44 - Uni Coins in case your repayment bounces and remains uncleared for more than 3 (Three) days. j. Customers holding the BOBCARD Uni credit card shall be ineligible to participate in or benefit from any proprietary offers associated with the BOBCARD program. k. The GoldX Rupay Variant of BOBCARD Uni Credit Card is a virtual credit card which will be issued as an additional card where the credit limit of the card will be shared with Primary VISA Affiliated credit card. Further, the GoldX Rupay card can be used for UPI and e-com transactions only and the card cannot be used for other transactions e.g. POS , ATM and contactless transactions and the card will be issued as per my explicit consent by accepting the terms & conditions and Key Fact Statement. l. BOBCARD shall report a credit card account as 'past due' to credit information companies (CICs) or levy penal charges, viz. late payment charges and other related charges, if any, only when a credit card account remains 'past due' for more than three days. The number of 'days past due' and late payment charges shall, however, be computed from the payment due date mentioned in the credit card statement, as specified under the regulatory instructions on 'Prudential norms on Income Recognition, Asset Classification and Provisioning pertaining to Advances' amended from time to time. Late payment charges and other related charges shall be levied, only on the outstanding amount after the due date, and not on the total amount due. m. BOBCARD will not be held responsible if any supplier of products / services offered to you withdraws, cancels, alters or amends those products / services. n. BOBCARD makes no warranties for the quality of products / services provided by the merchant establishments participating in the Rewards Programme. o. Information relating to the Cardholder’s Uni Coins shall be shared with partner to support Reward Programme activities, including but not limited to: i) Awarding Uni Coins to the Cardholder for eligible transactions. ii) Deducting Uni Coins when an eligible redemption is made. iii) Maintaining the Uni Coins’ ledger health for the Cardholder. C) Scapia Rewards Program 1) General Terms i. When you transact with your BOBCARD Scapia Credit Card, rewards will be credited to your BOBCARD Scapia Credit Card account depending on the transaction value and the purchase category. - 45 - ii. Rewards will be credited only on regular purchases across any category. iii. Rewards will not accrue for loading e-wallets (MCC:6540), fuel transactions (MCC: 5541, 5542, 5983 & 5172), rent payments (MCC: 6513), education & school fees (MCC: 8211, 8220, 8241, 8244, 8249, 8299), Government services (9099 to 9999), Business services (7399, 7311, 7372, 7538, 7392), Crypto and financial institutions (MCC: 6051, 6012, 6011), Utility payments (4900, 4812, 4814, 4816), Insurance payments (MCC: 6300), money transfers, cash withdrawals, EMI transactions, forex transaction, credit card repayments, fuel, fuel surcharge. iv. Sometimes, when you purchase a service/product on a digital wallet app which also offers in-app purchases, you may not get rewards, as it involves actual wallet load, which is then used to make payment to the merchant. v. Currently, on your BOBCARD Scapia Visa Credit Card, you will earn 10% rewards on every purchase of Rs. 20 and above, on all eligible categories. For purchase amounts below Rs. 20, rewards will not be credited. Also, currently, on your BOBCARD Scapia Rupay Credit Card, you will earn 5% rewards on eligible spends of more than Rs. 500. For purchase amounts below Rs.500, rewards will not be credited. You will earn 20% rewards on travel purchases made on the Scapia App. vi. Rewards earned on card transactions will be converted to Scapia coins on the statement date with the conversion ratio 1 Reward = 1 Scapia Coin. Conversion ratio of Rewards into Scapia Coins will be decided by BOBCARD on a time-to-time basis. 2) Other Terms of Rewards: i. BOBCARD reserves the right to wholly or partly modify the Rewards Programme. ii. BOBCARD also reserves the right to change the reward point conversion rate, withdraw reward points awarded or to vary any of the terms and conditions herein in its absolute discretion without prior notice to the cardholder. iii. b. In case this Scapia Rewards Programme comes in conflict with any rule, regulation or order or any statutory authority, then BOBCARD has the absolute authority and right to modify or cancel this rewards programme to give effect to said requirements. iv. c. BOBCARD reserves the right to cancel or suspend the accrued reward points if the BOBCARD Scapia Credit Card account is in arrears, suspension or default or if the BOBCARD Scapia Credit Card account is or is reasonably suspected to be operated fraudulently. v. If a transaction is reversed by way of a refund/chargeback/reimbursement, the transaction amount shall be credited back to your BOBCARD Scapia Credit Card account. In such instances, the rewards accrued on those transactions will be reduced from the overall rewards balance. vi. BOBCARD will not be held responsible if any supplier of products / services offered to you withdraws, cancels, alters or amends those products / services. - 46 - vii. BOBCARD makes no warranties for the quality of products / services provided by the merchant establishments participating in the Scapia Rewards Programme. viii. You may note that every purchase is assigned a different “Category” depending upon the Merchant Category Code (“MCC”) defined by the network (Visa, Mastercard, Rupay/NPCI. According to this, the merchant acquiring bank classifies the merchant depending on the service provided by them. For example, Food & Dining, Shopping, Travel, Entertainment, Groceries, Bills & Utilities, Fuel, and so on. Scapia does not have any control over this MCC classification. ix. Customers holding the BOBCARD Scapia credit card shall be ineligible to participate in or benefit from any proprietary offers associated with the BOBCARD program. 3) Scapia Loyalty Program By using your BOBCARD Scapia Credit Card, you are enrolled in the Scapia Loyalty Program. Scapia Loyalty program will be administered through the below two categories 1. Scapia Coins 2. Scapia Benefits 1. Scapia Coins: Scapia coins can be accumulated and further utilised against services offered (e.g., flights, stays, buses etc. or any other service offered by Scapia from time to time) on the Scapia platform. Also, Scapia Coins can be utilised against other exciting offers shown in the Scapia App from time to time. 1.1. Earn Scapia Coins 1. Rewards earned on card transactions will be converted to Scapia coins on the statement date with the conversion : 1 Reward = 1 Scapia Coin 1.2. Utilise Scapia Coins: 1. No fee is levied if you wish to utilise Scapia Coins. 2. Scapia Coins can be utilised on the Scapia app to book flights, stays, buses or any other service available on the Scapia app. 3. Scapia Coins so utilised will be automatically subtracted from the accumulated coins in your Scapia account. Other Terms & Conditions of Scapia Coins: a. Once the Rewards are converted as Scapia Coins, the coin balance shall be reflected on the Scapia app. You can also view the Scapia Coins accumulated by you on the Scapia app. b. Scapia Coins have 36 months validity, except in circumstances detailed below: ● If the BOBCARD Scapia Credit Card is not used for more than 365 days, the accrued Scapia coins will be nullified. ● In case a cardmember cancels any Flight/Hotel booking that was availed of by redeeming Scapia Coins, Scapia Coins can be reinstated as decided by Scapia from time to time. ● In case of cardmember’s death, the Scapia Coins earned but not redeemed at that time will be forfeited. - 47 - ● On closure/termination of BOBCARD Scapia Credit Card membership, any Scapia Coins pending to be claimed in the cardmember’s account will be forfeited. 2. Scapia Benefits: BOBCARD Scapia Credit Card holders will get access to exclusive benefits provided by Scapia in partnership with BOBCARD Limited. 2.1. Complimentary Access to Airport Privileges (Eat, Shop and Lounge Services at the domestic airport terminals): 1. Eligible cardholders can avail the Airport privileges. Under this program, Eligible Cardholders will receive Scapia Coins equivalent to the amount spent at Eligible Outlets, capped at a maximum of 5000 coins in top 6 cities (Delhi, Mumbai, Bangalore, Chennai, Kolkata and Hyderabad) and 2500 coins in remaining cities. Before extending the airport privilege, the traveller's Scapia profile name must match the name on the boarding pass to ensure access by the entitled cardholder 2. BOBCARD Scapia Credit Card members will be provided complimentary access to select Airport Lounges in India. 3. Eligibility: All active BOBCARD Scapia Credit Card cardholders will be eligible to access complimentary lounge access within the eligible quota. If the complimentary access eligibility is exhausted, customers will be charged entry as per the charges decided by the Lounge providers. Quota complimentary access are decided as follows Category No of Complimentary Condition for Access eligibility Unlimited Unlimited ● Customers Domestic should spend Lounge Rs. 20,000 on BOBCARD Scapia Credit Card in a billing cycle for unlocking this facility ● Customers should also be Active on a monthly basis for retaining the Unlimited Domestic Lounge free access. ● Transactions done in one statement cycle as selected by the customer ● Unlimited Lounge Access will - 48 - be enabled within 3-5 working days post the Billing Date if the customer is eligible for the Access. How it works 1. The Eligible Cardholder must select an Eligible Outlet and make a transaction at that store using BOBCARD Scapia Credit Card after claiming the offer. Scapia Coins will appear in the transaction history post the payment is made. These coins will be credited after the bill is generated. For availing lounges, The customer will have to select the lounge and QR code will be generated after providing the relevant information (location access, boarding pass etc.) 2. The eligibility of this offer is dependent on the availability of the customer at the airport. Customer consents to provide the location access before availing the offer. The customer also consents to upload the boarding pass on the Scapia mobile application. 3. The access to the lounge will be available on a first come first serve basis and some lounges may operate with limited seating. 4. Participating Airport Lounges may reserve the right to enforce a maximum stay policy (usually 2 or 3 hours). This is at the discretion of the individual lounge operator who may impose a charge for extended stays. 5. Scapia reserves the right to modify the eligibility criteria for the airport privilege. The updated eligibility criteria will be available in the Scapia mobile application. 6. Before extending Airport Privileges access, the name of traveller on the QR will be matched with the name on the Boarding pass/Ticket, to ensure access is being availed by the entitled cardholder. 7. Lounge staff has the right to terminate the lounge visit early or to refuse entry to any Customer who is intoxicated or behaving in a disorderly fashion or is otherwise in violation of the lounge conditions and for any statutory, regulatory, or airport policy reasons including but not limited to health and safety policies or fire safety regulations. 8. Benefits under Airport Privileges are not transferable, not refundable and cannot be exchanged wholly or partly. Scapia reserves the right to embargo issuing future vouchers in case the privileges are being transferred or exchanged to another Scapia/non Scapia member. 8. Scapia shall not be held responsible under any circumstances for any disputes that may occur in, or in relation to the usage of, a Participating Airport Lounge, including without limitation, between the Eligible Cardholder and another guest, airport user, or Participating Airport Lounge operator and/or its staff/representatives. 9. The privileges under the Program is a standalone offer and cannot be clubbed together and/or in any way be combined with any other offer of the Participating Airport Lounge in any manner, or form. For - 49 - the avoidance of doubt, privileges under the Program cannot be exchanged or redeemed for cash. 10. Participating outlets or airport lounges have no contractual obligation to announce flights, nor to remind guests of their flight boarding times, and Eligible Cardholders are solely responsible for abiding by boarding times stated on their flight tickets. Accordingly, for the avoidance of doubt Scapia shall not be liable under any circumstances in relation to any failure to board flights (for any reason) by an Eligible Cardholder. 11. Eligible Cardholders agree and acknowledge that they may be refused entry and/or asked to vacate for non-compliance with the rules and policies and, for the avoidance of doubt, will not make any complaints against, or hold Scapia responsible. 12. Airport privileges will be available only for the Card Holder. Lounge providers may check the name displayed on the Credit Card with the Boarding Pass to ensure the same. Guest access, for members who accompany the credit card holders will be charged as per the standard prices of the lounge provider. Terms and Conditions for the airport privileges will be communicated through the Scapia App from time to time. D) Etihad Guest Rewards Program: 1) ETIHAD GUEST & ETIHAD GUEST Premium Miles benefits Milestone Etihad Etihad Eligibility Criteria Guest Guest Premium Welcome 2,500 5,000 Etihad Guest: Miles (First 60 • Total 2,500 days from card welcome miles issuance) on cumulative spends of ₹10,000 Etihad Guest Premium: Total: 5,000 Miles • 5,000 joining miles on cumulative spends of ₹25,000 Monthly 250 500 Etihad Guest: Bonus Miles : Total 250 bonus miles on a minimum of 4 transactions totalling ₹25,000. Valid once per billing cycle. - 50 - Etihad Guest Premium: : Total 500 bonus miles on a minimum of 4 transactions totalling ₹50,000. Valid once per billing cycle. Quarterly 2000 4000 Etihad Guest: 2,000 Bonus Miles bonus miles on spends of ₹2,00,000 in a calendar quarter. Valid once per quarter. Etihad Guest Premium: 4,000 bonus miles on spends of ₹3,00,000 in a calendar quarter. Valid once per quarter. Annual Bonus 12,000 24,000 Etihad Guest: Miles 12,000 bonus miles on annual spends of ₹7,50,000. Valid once per anniversary year. Etihad Guest Premium: 24,000 bonus miles on annual spends of ₹12,00,000. Valid once per anniversary year. 2) Details - Joining Fees and Etihad Guest Membership Number i. Joining fee- this will be levied on the card issuance date. ii. Linking of Etihad Guest Membership Number to the BOBCARD Etihad Guest Credit Card is the sole responsibility of the cardholder. BOBCARD shall not be liable for any loss of Miles arising from incorrect or incomplete linkage. iii. Once the Etihad Guest Membership Number is linked to the card account, it cannot be changed. A change will only be permitted if the currently linked Etihad Guest Membership Number has expired. iv. Etihad Silver and Gold tier status awarded through the BOBCARD Etihad Guest Credit Card is valid for 1 year from the date of upgrade. Post expiry, tier continuity and renewal shall be governed solely by Etihad Guest - 51 - programme terms and conditions, for more details kindly visit for details: https://www.etihad.com/en/etihadguest/tiers-and-benefits 3) Etihad Mile’s benefits: I. The monthly, quarterly and annual benefits on the BOBCARD Etihad Guest & Guest Premium credit card will be provided only once per month/once per quarter/once per year. II. Bonus miles on flying twice a year with Etihad is valid once per year. III. The validity of the Etihad Guest Miles is as per your Etihad Guest Tier. IV. The Etihad Guest Miles can be redeemed only on the Etihad platform after 3 days from the date of your monthly statement. V. Etihad Program Benefits: The card must be activated to qualify for the Welcome Miles benefit. Welcome Miles will be credited to the cardholder's Etihad Guest account once the membership fee; billed in the subsequent statement; has been duly paid. Please refer to the illustrative example below for further clarity. Example Card Issuance Date 1 January 2026 Card Activation Date 7 January 2026 Initial Statement Date 13 January 2026 Welcome Miles Credit Date* 7 March 2026 Welcome Miles Visible on BOBCARD Mobile App 7 March 2026 Welcome Miles Available for Redemption on 16 March 2026 Etihad.com** * Welcome Miles will be credited within 65 days of the card issuance date, subject to the customer meeting the applicable spend eligibility criteria. Once credited, miles are transferred to the Etihad Guest account after the subsequent billing cycle and will thereafter be available for redemption. 4) Exclusion List: Etihad: Spends on special categories (MCC’s) listed in Annexure 1 won’t qualify for base miles. MCC Category MCC Agriculture 763,780,820,821,822,823,824, 825 - 52 - Contractor 1520, 1711 ,1731 ,1740 ,1750 ,1761 ,1771 ,1799 Transportation (Passenger 4111, 4112, 4131, 4784, 4789 Transportation, Passenger Railways, Bus services, Toll and road and Bridge Fees and Transportation Services – Not Elsewhere Classified) Telecom 4814 Rent 6513 Cleaning and Maintenance, 7349, 7211, 7230, 7276, 8111, laundry, Personal services 8641 (Beauty parlour, barber, Legal and CIVIC services etc) Government 9211, 9222, 9311, 9399, 9402, 9405 Education 8211, 8220, 8241, 8244, 8249, 8299 Hospital 8011, 8062 Wallet 6539, 6541, 6542, 6543 Insurance 5960, 6300 Charity 8398, 8661 5) Etihad Guest Lounge Program 5.1 Eligibility criteria Table1: Product wise number of complimentary visits No of Product complimentary Spends Criteria lounge visits Domestic- 2 per quarter Etihad International- Guest 1 per quarter No spends criteria Domestic- 3 per quarter Etihad Guest International- premium 2 per quarter No spends criteria 5.2 Terms and Conditions • To access a participating lounge, the cardholder must validate the card by swiping a nominal transaction of ₹2. • Cardholders can view their recent transactions and spend summary by logging into: c) BOBCARD Portal d) BOBCARD Mobile App • The offer is non-transferable, non-negotiable, and cannot be encashed. It is mandatory for the cardholder to present the eligible BOBCARD at the lounge while availing the lounge benefit. • Lounge Access – Cooling Period - 53 - o A cooling period of 5 (five) hours shall apply between two lounge visits under the BOBCARD Lounge Program. Accordingly, a cardholder shall not be eligible to avail a subsequent lounge visit within 5 (five) hours of the preceding lounge visit. o An eligible cardholder may generate a second QR Code only upon expiry of 24 (twenty-four) hours from the generation of the first QR Code or utilization of the first QR Code, whichever is later. • BOBCARD reserves the right to decline lounge access requests that do not comply with the above conditions. • BOBCARD does not guarantee the availability of lounge benefits, which may be affected by system malfunctions, Inability to authorize the card, Error in POS terminal, connectivity issues, or lounge capacity constraints. • Additional charges may apply for food, beverages (especially alcoholic drinks), and services like nap rooms, massages, and spas. These charges will be billed to the card based on the charge-slip provided by the lounge operator, and it is the cardholder’s responsibility to verify the accuracy of the charge- slip before using the facilities. Retaining the cardholder copy of the charge-slip is essential for any dispute resolution. • Participating lounges are operated by third-party entities and not by BOBCARD. Cardholders and their guests must adhere to lounge rules, including dress codes and behaviour standards. Entry may be denied due to overcrowding or non- compliance with lounge policies. Lounges may enforce a maximum stay duration (typically 2–3 hours) and are not obligated to announce flight details or boarding times. BOBCARD is not liable for any issues related to lounge access, usage, or missed flights. • Detailed list of eligible lounges can be accessed through the website https://www.bobcard.co.in/most-important-terms-and- condition • Details regarding international lounge access, including eligible lounges and applicable access conditions, can be found in the Terms & Conditions available on the BOBCARD website. • Please refer the link: https://media.bobcard.co.in/media/utrlq3g0/bobcard-etihad- global-lounge-list.pdf For more details and Most important Terms & Conditions of the Reward point program, please visit MITC section of our website: www.bobcard.co.in. Refer BOBCARD MITC 2026 document BOBCARD LIMITED 15th Floor, 1502/1503/1504, DLH Park, S.V.Road, Goregaon West, Mumbai - 400104 www.bobcard.co.in Version : GENERIC MITC 2.0 JULY2026 - 54 -